httpshttps://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/What-is-Autistic-Honesty-e39kj1

So what is autistic honesty.
I discovered artistic honesty within the past year or so.
A rooted from researching to drastically different things the first one.
Was studying comedy.
Which for me started personally with sarcasm and then you know the science of wit and irony and things such as that and.
Then it came from researching.
Behavior modification for autistic children.
And it's parked from a question that I had and that was.
Why are we using cognitive behavior therapy to train autistic children to essentially respect lying.
To use silence to hide their honesty and their curiosity to be more socially accepted so being the hacker I am.
I decided to explore an alternative option because if.
If artistic people only have the option to conform to essentially what's considered neurotypical Behavior than a typical humans.
Are naturally at a disadvantage so trying to hack a way to give autistic Minds an advantage the same way that you know neural atypical minds are sorry the same way that neurotypical Minds have the current Advantage would not be about us versus them as much as evening the playing field so that is where autistic honesty came into play and it is a combination of sarcasm and radical honesty.
The show conforming to the social nature of nice dishonesty such as pleasantries and you know I respect all different types of micro dishonesty that are usually justified by neurotypical people as not being the same as lies the difference between white lies and lies obviously these things all look the same to neuro a typical humans so.
How do we give an edge that doesn't create extensive anxiety for autistic humans the neuro a typical human and that's where autistic honesty comes into play kind of hijacking the expectations of sarcasm so sarcasm is so socially acceptable it's it's almost expected even though it's actually it's a less respected.
Then or sorry it's it's less.
Let me try and figure out how to explain this sarcasm is more socially acceptable.
Can a messed up again sarcasm is less socially acceptable than being nice and dishonest at the same time so sarcasm is actually more honest than being nice and dishonest essentially White Lies you know being silent for the sake of being nice not saying anything if you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all this gets in the way of being kind and loving and you know it respectful for the person rather than their ego so using sarcasm by flipping out on its head because what is sarcasm sarcasm is just obvious lying and now we're running into a society where people will lie about being sarcastic just because they realize they said something that people aren't ready to believe in there I was just being sarcastic because sarcasm at its core.
Is just lying.
Typical sarcasm is lying with a tone a tone that lets people know yeah I'm just saying the opposite of what I mean that in essence is lying you are lying about what you mean with a tone but since we've gotten to the point where sarcasm is at some level socially accepted because we would rather somebody be sarcastic then talk about something we wouldn't want to believe in we are ready as a society to accept that they weren't crazy that they were just being sarcastic without tone and being sarcastic without tone is usually not tolerate people don't like people for so dry with her sarcasm that they use it in their typical town unless it's something that we would otherwise want to judge them for we are ready to let people off the hook as a society for that this is where there's.
Psychological hacking comes in I call it psychological powder hacking for autistic minds and that is learning how to be autistic learning how to be sarcastic using a sarcastic tone or being able to do the yeah I was just being sarcastic without being dishonest and I found a couple ways to hack the number one if you say something you want to be honest about something but you know that they're not going to believe it use a sarcastic tone.
Something that just needs to be said so you can go back later and say but I said this and they can say I thought you were being sarcastic and like no you don't get to make up what goes on in my head I was being honest and I have something at that point they can either believe that you weren't being sarcastic or they have to flat-out call you a liar and relies on them to prove that so using a sarcastic tone when you know you're going to say something that people would otherwise not be ready to believe but you need to say it to you know how about on your side to be honest because there's a huge strength and honesty and using it to protect yourself along the way is a very very useful because they don't get to dictate what you did based on their beliefs without proving otherwise.
And that's the people that you want to be able to realize that if they are going to they're going to call you a liar based on tone then they're justifying a whole lot more then you know getting upset in that moment those are the people that you can protect yourselves from at that point realize that most people don't pay enough attention to tone sarcasm honesty dishonesty to know how to protect you from their own reactions in life but the one to add their core are ready to believe in honesty other than social normalities those are the people that you want in your life more.
On the other side it's realizing that if you say something and you don't use a sarcastic tone and you realize it's blowing up their mind it's blowing up with their able to believe that's when you can run in there with a you know something to hijack their cognitive dissonance to give them something that they're able to believe without being dishonest instead of saying I was being sarcastic don't throw yourself in your integrity under the bust don't turn into a liar say sorry I have you ever heard of sarcasm and then charcoal if you just have you ever heard of sarcasm I'm a little socially awkward nothing about that statement.
Is false nothing about that statement is a lie you're asking them an open-ended question throwing you know your social awkwardness under the bus they're not going to verify ways how are you being sarcastic or not nine times out of ten they're not going to verify that for the one time out of town so wait were you being sarcastic or not you can say you know.
I I don't think I need to explain that I don't want to spoil the joke that's the sort of thing where you put it on them they they want to save face everyone wants to save face at that point it doesn't matter that the joke is them in their beliefs the joke is them in their feelings of confusion.
They don't need to know that you don't need to clarify that at that point their own confusion their own believes their own self letting limiting beliefs will limit them from pushing that further so at that point you shift the Conte you don't leave for them to respond you move on to something else at that point they're ready to bail out because they're so confused at this point that their desire to save face will bail you out of the situation and this is what artistic honesty is its realizing that tone is something that neurotypical people use constantly but even if your recorded even if your word-for-word transcribed you were always.
The center of your tone you always in hindsight for eveni thing legal word ever happen your words are your bond your tone is always up for debate and no one can say what tone you were using because we don't have a language for tone especially not in the legal language so this point this confusion of using sarcasm online is exactly what autistic people can use to counter hack this total Society to protect themselves legally to protect themselves morally and to protect themselves ethically in a way that is.
Is is ethically moral as asking an autistic child to conform to neurotypical communication Styles so it's not about it being absolutely right it's just about bringing Harmony to these questionable morals in a way that gives autistic people you know not the upper hand.
But an equal hand and that's when things can really start to change if we can have this tool set of how to hack neurotypical Society you'll find that a great combination of skills to learn.
Sarcasm.
And neuro-linguistic programming essentially in leading leading a conversation those two skills that are highly valuable you don't have to be a master at them just understand them enough to use them in your life and you create your own tools that you don't have to become a master at sarcasm you don't have to become a master at neuro-linguistic programming you just have to know enough of them to get some new Tools in your tool chest to thrive.
Because life is not just about surviving you should have the tools to thrive.
This is.
Neural atypical autistic honesty.
Thank you.
