https://anchor.fm/dashboard/episode/e2mp7t


So I've been quite fascinated with the psychology of generational communication the past few years.
I found it quite curious that.


Baby boomers seem to consistently have a bone to pick with Millennials my bias here is that I'm a millennial I wasn't just content at asking for sympathy I knew that I couldn't communicate empathy and couldn't ask them to empathize with me.
Without knowing why they seem to almost systemically have a bone to pick with Millennials this led me into studying much more than the relationship between Baby Boomers and Millennials I went back to the generation that raised them the generation that raised that generation the shift between those three generations Generation X my own generation of course I studied even more in-depth and I even went into genze or what is unofficially called ijen right now anyone really under the age of.
24 to 22 under those ages that's debatable when generation switches happen unfortunately it's not a uniform science for calculating these things probably the most fascinating piece of information I found is that.
Generations are now 15 years for Generations used to be 25 years there's obviously some debate over those exact numbers but I did find it quite interesting that that seems to corroborate the idea that the world is moving faster a lot of this seem to shift around Generation X and what I find really interesting is for the first time in history and at least American history we have three generations in a row but all have the Rebellion tendency Baby Boomers quite interested me because they didn't really have that Rebellion.
Sense in that they didn't have a rebellious they didn't want to rebell almost at all which was quite interesting because they also made up the the hippie movement the free love movement but you got to understand that that was such a large pork that was such a small portion that had a large impact we think that it was more than it was which really took me by surprise in fact the whole reason Reagan got elected was because this free love movement was about individualism and he was really speaking to these people that were you know getting into their 30s for the first time in history and that's systematically the time that most humans start.
Shinning what doesn't doesn't work for them and Reagan spoke to them to the core for the individual nature and one over that pretty much the entire free love movement in their entry to what I call maturity of adulthood in the thirties in their 30s which was quite an interesting phenomenon that I discovered in a documentary called the century of the self that was a thing in the second or third episode of that that might have been in the fourth episode of that 4-part documentary the century of the self you can find that on YouTube freely available.
I think what I took from this the most is the Baby Boomers were raised by a generation that was raised in the Great Depression they also fought the biggest war the world has ever seen the for the first time and you know anyone live in their history modern civilizations were threatened as they knew it there was a lot of fear a lot of depression a lot of a lot of turmoil I was really trying time that they were raised through in their formative years and all of their younger years and in through early adulthood I mean the generation that raised the Baby Boomers was very anti debt which is very very ironic because that was also known as the silent generation so.
The Baby Boomers were really taught why their parents didn't like that they thought you know they were missing out on opportunities that they got to make up whatever why they wanted because their parents were notoriously silent which really interesting is is the reason the silent generation was in the situation they were was raised in that situation came out the way they did was because the generation that raised them.
Caused the huge booms in the tens in the 20s and the early 30s before the crashes started happening the Great Depression was caused by a really big market crash there's actually a one-two punch there is actually a crash that happened in the Hoover administration that followed in FDR's Administration they were the one to political punch left-wing right-wing attacking Wall Street attacking Main Street in tandem against each other it is quite fascinating Amity shlaes goes into that in her book The Forgotten man I really enjoyed that but what I find really interesting is.
The Baby Boomers fell into st. ropes of the generation that their parents.
Left them with so is the same tropes of the generation that raised the generation that raised the Baby Boomers.
The Baby Boomers ended up just like their grandparents generation essentially and that is quite amazing to me because they.
They didn't know not to fall in those tropes simply because their parents generation was silent they were uncommunicative it wasn't that they were necessarily hostile they just didn't want to talk about it it was silent pride and now the Baby Boomers are exercising what I call loud Pride.
They're the generation that is starting to die out they are notoriously unhealthy they are notoriously impoverished for the wealthy have known in their life so they are bad with their health are bad with money and they are bad with communicating and that's kind of confusing because their parents generation was bad with communicating because they were too silent but they happen to have wisdom whereas the Baby Boomers.
Look better at communicating because they're louder it's like just because you're talking doesn't mean you're communicating so they're louder they talk more they say things more often without wisdom they have experience and experience is a key ingredient to wisdom but without self-awareness and without awareness of oneself and the empathy for those that came before them and those that are coming out for them you don't really have that wisdom and that stuff because they are probably one of the smartest most intelligent Generations that have seen one of the greatest rises in humanity and even spawn Minds like Steve Jobs who was a baby boomer and he sparked interest in Generation X and most importantly gave the tools to the Millennials that the Millennials have run rampant with computers.
Nobody knows how to use computers better than Millennials just as nobody knows how to use mobile technology better than gen Z receive increase in.
Brain development and desire to mature and communicate desire to communicate in the Millennials and gen Z that we've seen a no other generation they get louder younger and I think that's because there's so many bad habits to be learned Our Generation doesn't have any.
Examples in our personal lives and for the most part I'm sure everyone can say that they have an example in their personal life but really truly somebody who is you know truly self-aware it's it's few and far between and that stuff because everyone is loud now everyone can be loud with things like social media.
And I'm seeing a huge disconnect that the the Baby Boomers fell into the same tropes as the generation that raised their parents and generations or more in to piano having having children younger back then so you had Generations that you know raised raised each other consecutively now you have pretty much overlaps with such long generational growth of its.
You had that chance to have consecutive that's now we have overlap since its 15 years at a time you know only the oldest of Generation X raised you know the oldest of the Millennials but most of Generation X is Raising Generation Z which is really really interesting this is the first time in human history where we have this kind of overlap in a generation so most often Generation X gets lumped in with Baby Boomers and Millennials get lumped in with Gen Z and I see this as a very very important attribute that we need very very important detail that we need to pay attention to.
As not to turn this into an us-versus-them thing and that's what I see this coming to this is why I had the question of why do they believe these things so I could have empathy with the Baby Boomers and I'm realizing that most of Genex fall into the same ideas and beliefs that the Baby Boomers do I see the biggest disconnect comes with the generations that were raised with technology in their formative years I consider formative years to be between the ages of birth and about 10 years old give or take a few years those are the formative years where your brain is in constant beta State absorbing everything and what your environment is.
Is going to Define how you think and Millennials and gen Z have been looking at decentralised space I'll be Abyss decentralized internet has become a lot more centralized than ever but I remember when I started using it it was very very uncensored it was very very free-form it was very decentralized nature because no one had tried to control it yet since its centralized and nature control was inevitable and that's I think what's interesting is is the Millennials are trying to understand do we agree more with Generation Z and their idea that you know centralization doesn't matter or do we agree more with generation action the Baby Boomers this is very very important because it's essentially ideology versus ideas.
And the internet is an incubator for ideas ideology get shit on all the time with the internet like it's it's interesting how intolerable the internet is for beliefs and how much it tolerates ideas in the way that traditionally ideals don't tolerate ideas especially when we ideas directly threaten their belief system ideals and beliefs systems really like ideas that corroborate their beliefs they dismissed discard or blame anything that tries to contradict their ideals and this is this drastic shift where we have you know young people that are overly spiritual but don't give a crap about centralized religions and I think this is really really pivotal for the Millennials to focus on because jenzie whether or not there are 24.
22 right now the fact of the matter is there coming into adulthood like.
The the oldest of jenzie.
Is now at the age where they are graduating college or just recently graduated just out in the workforce the fact of the matter is they look and feel more alone than ever and they're changing the landscape in ways that things are black and white anymore and it's very confusing because what they're doing is they're ethically advancing all sorts of things I mean they've ethically Advanced prostitution in a way that blurs the lines between what is acceptable and unacceptable words no longer black and wife I was just discussing recently the fact that when you have an Instagram following as an Instagram model you're essentially taking the idea of a trophy wife.
Which is essentially the prostitution of marriage not all the time but in most people's minds and buy a traditional practice of the nature they've taken this trophy wife and prostitution and somehow crossed it into trophy girlfriend and this is quite interesting because now they don't even need to have an income they're constantly hopping from only people they want to date or constantly competing for their attention because the attention pool is much larger they've somehow transitioned prostitution from being a profession where it is about the money to would they are doing with Instagram modeling being somebody who can take care of them emotionally and financially this is mind-boggling to people because they've done it ethically in a way where they can ethically date people in a way that.
Wasn't possible 15 years ago and also get everything they want and need and carry it over it's no longer okay I got the attention of you know a nice rich guy who's taking me on all these experiences they documented put it on their insta or whatever and then.
Once they break up there on the market everyone knows and everyone wants to go out and press them they know what they just got so now they're upgrading so now people have to work harder to treat them right because if they don't they know they can get something better almost instantly this turns the entire you know.
World's oldest profession of prostitution on its head we're no longer is that even you know reasonably thinkable to think like oh that's a profitable way to make way more profitable to make it on your own as an Instagram influencer in a much more ethical way that is much more like dating then it is prostitution and I mean that in the process they're getting gifts more than anything and these gifts are more and experiences which is there a plus one there on taxable that's quite fascinating where they can build an Empire.
And their main currency.
Is the currency of attention why is this important.
Because the ideology of the Baby Boomers that has been instilled and I'd say most of Genex is in direct conflict with this ethical Advanced stats gen Z isn't doing because they thought of it they're doing it because they are this Millennials have thought of this we talked about it we've debated it ideologically the fact of the matter is whether or not and you know Instagram models blockchain decentralization crypto whether it's the future of the internet whether it's daps whether it's whatever it is.
They're doing it.
And we have a choice we as Millennials we have the choice.
To either do with the generation that is right.
Following in our immediate footsteps.
But doesn't care to actually be like us they care to be like themselves which we were not taught as Millennials we were taught to be like.
You know the generations that raised us.
When the Baby Boomers and Gen X weren't like that they were bailed.
But what's interesting is is we can break this trend we can communicate weekend try and work on healthy communication with Gen Z give them real empathy.
And break this idea or this ideal I should say the generations have to be different that they can't communicate.
I say that we should throw out that ideal I think that we should throw out the ideal that Generations are different.
That.
We can listen to people who think different.
And create a generation of thinkers regardless if your gen Z or if you want to call it I gen or Millennial or Gen X because it's not going to be long.
Before the Baby Boomers are completely gone.
Gen X.
Is also running out of time and they're going to be losing control and we're going to have to meet a new generation probably to new generations and for the first time ever will have four generations in the workplace at once in this.
Something we need to prepare for because communication is going to be more important than ever because.
We need to do more than just tolerate we need to empathize we need to listen we need to learn to work together.
And maybe Advanced Beyond systems that have worked for hundreds maybe even thousands of years that favor ideals over new ideas because we have ideas coming in a rapid rate and ideals tend to want to Stamp Out ideas as long as possible but ideas always survive and they always end up killing the ideals it's only a matter of time.
And hopefully the arguing of ideals versus ideas doesn't get so out of hand that people get hurt or killed we can stop this trend because that is exactly what decentralized philosophy is about most people think decentralisation is just cryptocurrency that's not the case decentralised philosophy has been growing from a seed that happening around the 60s or 70s with computers was centralized by Steve Jobs to get to the point where everyone cared about computers it was no longer the toy of the Nerds because the creatives were able to understand why they would want to computer it was no longer an engineer toy people would use a computer without caring how it worked that was something that was a good sense of control but in nature decentralisation nurtures good.
Ideas.
In Stamps out bad ideas this means ideals don't even need to exist to nurture good ideas and this is very counterintuitive because it means we need to let go of control decentralization is coming whether or not we like it know whether or not we want it and in essence it's going to give more power to the people who prefer ideas over ideals.
And ideals are going to lose more and more control and become more and more powerless this is really important because.
Decentralisation.
Is an opportunity for us to communicate a philosophy that doesn't need an ideal to exist decentralize philosophy is both the collective and the individual without preferring one over the other.
It doesn't say that one needs to be preferred over the other even at any given time they can both exist simultaneously in a way that's never been possible before this was applied first to the financial sector with cryptocurrency so most people think decentralisation is cryptocurrency know Satoshi Nakamoto new as with the other people who were pushing decentralize Tech that money is what people care about.
So they applied it to the finance sector because cryptographers built decentralized Tech and for the most part they were employed by the financial sector and they decided to open source these tools for people's finances.
But it's only a matter of time before these tools apply to other protocols we use in the world such as identity I mean identify is a protocol that can completely replace.
Identification systems on both the state level and National level passwords all of it and people don't see this that there is no control necessary so there's no way it can be abused or corrupted.
And yet it's a free tool for everyone to use.
It's not going to be much longer.
Before every centralized infrastructure.
Is threatened not by a takeover by an under throw.
Are there Foundation is shaken to the point where it crumbles.
And the rest just Falls.
Because without centralized currencies you don't have centralized organization you don't have centralized ideals you don't have centralized businesses you don't have centralized Finance but you have Finance you have religion you have human governance you have all of these things but they look so drastically different from what we know.
Because they work more ethically by Nature.
Aristocracy built to check our own bias to check our own beliefs at the door and that doesn't affect it at all.
Because it could never be swayed by bias or belief and this is really important because this lets FX advance in a way where you don't have to tear down the centralized system to rebuild in a more ethical way you have an ethical curve that starts to happen and we're about to hit that exponential curve.
Work ethics will get to the point where read to find all the things that were ethically acceptable like good controlling bag control that existed until about the 80s when things started becoming more and more decentralized with Computing internet and now blockchain Technologies all of this combined we get to a point where f x is advancing to the point where doesn't tolerate any level of control whether or not there is good controller bad controller to completely moot point because without control there is no chance of corruption in the only reason there such a thing as good control is because control attracts bad control so we need to Define what is good control to try and mitigate the risk of bad control but if there is no control to be had.
Only good ideas manifest.
Because if there's no control there's no need to enforce and you can't.
Enforce a good idea and any idea that needs to be enforced is bad and this is something we seem to have forgotten or we weren't taught I don't know but this decentralised philosophy starts with us communicating in a way that is going to be very uncomfortable because we have been pushed down into the most narcissistic civilizations that the Earth has ever seen.
Where we want to be understood but we don't know how to listen to other people or ourself we don't know how to listen to our needs we only know how to listen to her once and the saddest thing is is our wants and needs are completely separate.
But that's one of the things that was the wisdom of the silent generation that raised the Baby Boomers there once were their needs because they were raised and extreme trial.
So they didn't really want more than their needs and this is very important because.
We are not trained to think.
Of our needs as being any different as things that other people tell us we should want.
And unless we learn to communicate with each other and start by learning to communicate with our cells which starts by listening to ourselves and it's just a constant series of letting go of things letting go of expectations letting go of feelings not emotions feelings and emotions are different feelings don't serve us to A+ better nature where emotions are at our core.
Our feelings can betray us our emotions are there.
Our emotions can have us cry and laugh at a funeral.
Are emotions are inconvenient feelings.
Betrayus by telling us that the inconvenience of emotions has gone out of control and they abused us and if we set these things aside these expectations be self-limiting beliefs are feelings and go after our thoughts or emotions and listen to ourselves have empathy with ourselves that will lead to compassion with ourselves empathy for others compassion for others in a way where we know we have to take care of her own needs.
Before we can ever help people take care of their needs and right now everyone's giving way more to other people but they're breaking and he might be doing it for all the right reasons.
But sometimes you have to be selfish for a little while to understand how not to be selfish when taking care of yourself if your goal to take care of yourself is to give into selfish wants you need to ask yourself.
Am I doing things wrong these are really really hard questions to ask cuz we're all terrified of being wrong because we were trained to be terrified of being wrong.
And we want people to coddle us through this.
And maybe we could have.
In the past and maybe that was how things worked in the past but things are moving too fast.
We have to condition ourselves to just not give a fuck.
That doesn't mean not care it means you don't give a fuck about the things.
But don't really matter.
The things that betray you the things that tax you emotionally spiritually and mentally.
Most of these things we do to ourselves and in circle in just direct consequence we do to others because if we do it to ourselves we set the precedent that it's acceptable and we do it to others.
And it's just sad to see and I know we can do better I know that we can communicate more and it's going to be hard work it's going to be really hard work but if we don't do it another generation will.
Then we'll have missed our chance to be a part of one of the most amazing gross.
The humanity has ever seen.
The growth of f x a growth of Commerce a growth of spirituality in a way that levels up everything that we know two things that we have been trained to never expect better than anything that has ever happened and that's just wrong it really is because if something worse than the worst thing that's ever happened going to happen again something better than the best thing that's ever happened can happen.
That's just how it works.
Club talks about this in his books League anti fragile.
And this is.
This is where things are going whether or not we.
Like it whether or not we wanted whether or not we think it's right it doesn't matter it's happening it's happening whether or not we're looking and for most of the world it's happening.
And the places that they're not looking and if they are looking at the right places they don't know how to see.
Decentralisation that's probably the most fascinating thing I was in cryptocurrency for years I think I've been paying attention to it for almost 5 years now.
And I didn't even see decentralisation for what it was a philosophy until this year.
I was a miner I was a traitor to Speculator as a consultant and somehow even focusing diligently.
On decentralised Tech I missed decentralize philosophy.
And this is really really interesting.
Because it's answering all the questions we have.
But it's not one answer it's our own answers that helps us ask the right question so we can find the right answers decentralisation allows us all to have our own ideas.
Going to tolerate all ideas equally.
It doesn't tolerate ideal so that means doesn't tolerate radical ideals.
It's stamps out things like terrorism.
And it only leaves room for the good ideas this is quite fascinating because I started seeing a whole new world.
In the cryptosphere realizing that some of the most promising cryptographic algorithms don't have anything to do with currency protocols.
And these are the ones that have no less than seven years from drastically changing the world 2.
Taking away control by under throwing it not over throwing it we have never seen a true under throw.
In anything other than business.
Where Empires topple because things Chef that's what happened with apple apple under through IBM because it was no longer about super centralized Computing with mainframes it was now even more decentralized with personal computers and even though Steve Jobs was centralized in the way he organized a company he was promoting more decentralization in a way that the computer nerds that understood the decentralized philosophy.
Didn't want it to be so centralized that there was even a right way to build a computer this is something it was a transition and we've been transitioning again from the internet as we know it to decentralize internet's I can solve problems that we see in.
Centralized organizations on the internet such as Google or Facebook Google is a public public service.
That is owned by a private company this is not much different than a public service that's owned by a corrupt government it's really not.
But it can exist in decentralized space and never run the risk of being corrupted.
Same thing with Facebook I mean decentralized social media is coming I mean it's it's already built and they're growing it's only to a point where they have more of people's attention than the existing centralized platforms that will be a huge ship because people will ask okay.
Who gets the money from this platform when they realize it's.
Is no one organization to one person owns that it's a public service that is uncontrolled people will start to question what next and we can either start thinking about decentralized philosophy now to help this new generation as Millennials we can help jenzie understand what we created cuz essentially we created.
Blockchain as we know it our generation has manifested something from the internet that will replace it and improve it ethically.
And it all starts with communication setting our biases I'd setting our beliefs of what's right aside and truly listening because I think we would be surprised at how close with genzie's wants and needs are.
So much closer than Millennials were trained way closer than Gen X was trained.
It almost.
Incomprehensible compared to Baby Boomers.
And this is quite interesting because this didn't happen because they were trained to align their wands and their names.
It happened because of their environment just like the silent generation.
An interesting Lee enough they get shit on because they are overtly silent compared to the way that the Baby Boomers and the Generation X know how to communicate.
In the physical world.
Gen Z are brilliant communicators in digital space.
They are silent.
In traditional senses are there bad at communicating person to person.
That will get better over time just like Baby Boomers and Gen X have gone better over time with technology it's going to happen but the fact of the matter is there not silent.
The silent generation was truly silent.
Agenzie is louder than any other generation in the world.
And we only believe that they're silent from the outside in the physical world.
This is something that needs to be taken very seriously especially if you're a millennial.
Because the attention economy has nothing to do with money.
Is more powerful than any money economies.
This is why they're dominating and everybody's busy and hustling trying to understand why.
Gary Vee understands lots of people understand Jeremy Rifkin understands but no one knows how to listen.
Because.
We stop listening to ourselves.
We can start again it will be wildly uncomfortable it will be the hardest thing Millennials Gen X and Baby Boomers have ever done.
But I can guarantee you we have a thing or two to learn from gen Z.
Our systems don't work for them.
We should let them build something better.
Because what will happen.
Is a world of good ideas Beyond ideals that have served us up until this point.
We can do something better.
Something that we've never seen before something that's been never been possible before because we have new tools that have never existed just as.
America would have never happened if it were not for the tool of the printing press plain and simple it would not have happened.
And now we have the internet cell phones which is is going to have as big an impact.
Is the printing press the same way the printing press change religion it changed business that change government the internet is going to change civilization beyond anything that ever worked before.
To the point where things that worked great.
Are going to have a completely better option for that grade option is now wrong because of how the evolution of ideas work.
So let's see what there is to see where this goes realized that we have trust issues if you don't know how to listen.
I know we can we can hear people and memorize what they say compared to what we believe but that's not really listening listening is empathy it's understanding beyond their own bias and setting aside our beliefs and truly listening with compassion and we can do it.
We can do it.
I say that we should sit down with each other especially with a gen Z and listen to this.
Unearned wisdom that they have.
They're not going to have all the data to explain in a way that's going to seem sufficient for us so we should not rely on them to explain things in a way that will make sense to us we need to explain things to her cells understand that they have wisdom that we are in for them.
Just as the same way as the silent generation had wisdom that was earned for them by their parents generation and the generation before that.
They did not earn it themselves.
They just were that wisdom.
Let's start listening.
What the Library of Alexandria project is about about self-directed education non-centralized completely decentralized through empathy listen understanding.
In a way that combines everything from mental health and mental Wellness to education not schooling schooling is a bad experiment and its failing rapidly it's served its role but now it's failing rapidly education no longer needs school and needs us to listen.
And learn how to have confidence in ourselves trust ourselves so we know who who to trust and who not to trust which seems to be a notorious issue that is plaguing our societies today.
We trust the loudest person with you know.
Police transparency.
And we get abused constantly by it.
We're never going to learn how to trust people and discern who to trust and who not to trust until we learn to trust ourselves the bad part is is the generation before gen Z we're trained wrong on this.
I didn't believe that I was bad at trusting people until I realized that I was just like everyone else and we were all were all about interesting people because we don't really trust ourselves it's not to say that jenzie doesn't have some of these downfalls it doesn't mean that they're perfect there's there's some sort of Miracle they have a lot of these same issues.
But for whatever reason.
They have a lot of the wisdom that comes from their circumstances that.
You know the silent generation did and we saw in context of their entire life that they were profoundly wise they seemed uneducated because they were unschooled or they lived on the streets for a good while it's it's realizing that they are.
Falling into the same assumptions as the wisest generation of the last century.
But they just haven't had their time yet.
But they are having their time in digital space where people don't care about how old you are and you can do things anonymously and this is really really important that we understand that their ideas are just as wise as the silent generation.
Which led to the greatest growth of the last century.
And now we're manifesting.
For the same cycle the same ingredients of the same things are about to happen we're about to Skyrocket pass anything good we've ever seen happened before.
And have ethical checks and balances that isn't up to trusting other people it just is it just exists there should be really hopeful this is really hopeful I used to be really down and depressed about the state of the world in the future the world now I realize by letting go.
I've learned how to trust I've learned how to have empathy I've learned how to separate my feelings from my emotions.
I've learned how to separate my beliefs and theories from real thoughts.
I've learned how to navigate myself I've learned how to do things I didn't think wherever possible for me I had truly believed were not going to be possible for me and I should let go of the Hope or expectation that I should ever accomplish these things and interesting Lee enough when I truly let go.
Those things started happening.
This was unintentional.
But it was a product of my circumstances.
And this is something that is applicable to every single person on this Earth and it's going to be easier for the millennials.
Then.
Gen X it's going to be easier for Gen X than the Baby Boomers and it's going to be easier for Gen Z.
And it is for all of those other Generations.
But what's going to make it really really seem less hard is when we start being more honest with each other and we can be more open about our vulnerabilities realize none of us got it right no generation is ever gotten it right.
It's all an experiment is all the human experiment everyone's trying to get it right and the only time we seem to get it the most wrong is when we don't set aside or selfish prydz.
So let's start realize we're not going to be good at it right off the bat but let's start realize that it's going to be long and hard.
Michael Scott would probably make a joke about that but it's it's true it's going to be really hard it's going to take longer than we could ever expect.
Until hindsight comes into play and we realize it happen quicker than we could have ever planned for.
Start letting it go have as many resources as we've collected yet for these things check them out at the educational darkweb.com and please please.
Explore these materials in-depth they're free to use it will always be free to use.
And I hope it inspires you to create your own you know library of consciousness.
Start creating a representation of your ideas whether or not the right or wrong Explorer yourself.
Because who knows maybe maybe your ideas are wrong right now but all it takes is a while of talking about them a while if people saying that they're wrong until you figure out how to get people to stop saying with their wrong and then it's only a matter of time before other people start thinking different.
I think we're at a shift.
Human evolution spiritual Evolution mental evolution.
That.
It's going to take us to a really exciting and hopeful place.
Myutopia there's definitely.
Lot more hope that I've ever experienced in my life looking into what's happening despite the fact that everyone's trying to control it out of existence things are growing whether or not we like it whether or not we think we can do better.
Things are changing.
Thank you for listening to this.
Please check out any of my other podcasts if you want to explore with the plan for Library of Alexandria project is beyond education check out our decentralised podcast on on this channel.
This is another episode of deep thoughts and I thank you for joining me.
