https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Coaching-vs-Marketing-e2qkb9



So recently I saw somebody who I know is a very talented coach especially men's coach on helping men get over certain obstacles of another ego or their pride and bettering themselves and really like turning things around Crush at he has an amazing story but what what frustrates me is something that is not uncommon with the people that are most talented in turning around the individual.
Is figuring out how to motivate an individual to take action on themselves to better themselves and this is very frustrating for me to see as a marketer that has turned into a personal one-on-one motivator to help people self-educate is realizing this disparity of knowledge that doesn't really come naturally when one can move an individual how does one reverse-engineer that to find the one within a crowd to motivate them to do what's best for themselves the case scenario I saw here was.
Offering a workshop for men to work on specific things to really help them turn themselves around in a positive way and it's got a ton of positive feedback from women.
This is not uncommon because whether or not you know this is a couch but if you're a you know somebody helping men accomplish things that they aren't getting on their own you're probably in a way helping them integrate their feminine side with their masculine side of which are warring with each other the same way a female coach helping other females is helping them integrate their masculine side and a healthy way to overcome their own obstacles so what this shows me is.
Treating the marketing of a group like the benefits of this.
Is is tough because most coaches know how to talk to the individual and when you're doing marketing you're not talking to an Envy individual you're talking to the masses and you need to know how to motivate the masses.
To want to help themselves when they also don't want it to look like they're helping themselves this is especially true with motivating men to take action to help themselves because we all know that every man is the master of his own castle if you're familiar with Robert Green's works at all in the 48 Laws of Power never outshine the master ever we all make this mistake but being aware of the mistake helps his navigate so that we can Mash ourselves to not outshine the master trying to get men that want help.
Over There He Go enough.
To seek out help in this seems a little deceitful but remember in that crowd since they're not going to do what's best for them if they even think that doing so will broadcast that they need help that they are not the master of their own castle they can't go to somebody else to teach them how to master their own castle how will that look to their wife or their girlfriend or anybody that they want to pick up at the bar that ask them where they learn these things we need to reverse-engineer this crowd mentality.
And how do we do this I think understanding that speaker that understands how to talk to the individual needs the first except the talking to the masses even the men that they know how to help is a little bit different and it seems counterintuitive or at least counter conditional to what works with an individual.
To figure out how to find the individual within the masses so let's look at some great examples of people who understand a lot of people have heard of Mark Manson book The subtle art of not giving an F this book is quite fascinating because it challenges our understanding of what it means to care but how did he get enough people to listen to this message enough to make it a best-seller this is one of the most challenging books a person can read because it breaks their paradigms of what it means to care about themselves and other people and help them understand themselves and other people in a better healthier way how did he get there this was not his first book.
Have you ever heard of a book called How to date models this was how Mark Manson started he gave the keys to the kingdom of what the guys in his audience that started his platform what they desperately wanted and what was this book about honesty how to be an honest man not so that you could date models but so that you could date models really it was so that you could date anyone that you could dream of and how to Dazzle people with honesty.
He gave them what they want.
An in it was buried with a desperately needed.
This is what we have to do as motivators Educators influencers to get the attention we got to find out what their unhealthy ones are.
M package what they need in a way that doesn't look like weakness but instead could be something proud that they could share with their buddies where did you learn these things from a book called How to date models.
And then when they're at the bar there. Where did you learn these things that's my female voice sorry about that and they can respond in a book how to date models in that seem superficial but at the same time it's also covertly flattering.
Because they're talking to them this is how we learn to reverse-engineer the unhealthy realizing that we live in a society which is an engineered.
Wants from me so that our wants and needs are so misaligned that we want things not only that we don't need but in reality we don't even want figuring out how to hijack this as positive influencers on the lives of men or women is essential to figuring out that barrier to marketing to the masses so that the individual can find you without knowing or even needing to believe that they need you because they go in thinking that you're going to give them everything they want and when you give it to them they realize that it applies to so much more and their wants and needs weren't lined and they realized this is not just a principle for me to save my relationship.
To save my relationship for the sake of my kids to save my relationship for the sake of the marriage to save my job to save you know my relationship with my parents this is not to give me everything I want but this is everything I needed to do everything else that I didn't believe I was capable of.
And that's why when I see that the feedback to this obviously very helpful course.
Was not from the people that needed to hear it but from the people who wish that the men would want to hear this.
In figuring out the getting the mint open up to the feminine side of reality.
Is exactly what they need to crush it can't be labeled as opening up your feminine side can be opened up as receiving help can't be opened up as a free in this typical scenario a worthless.
Example of how to get help we need to offer these things as a gift to get everything you wanted in love life sex or your career.
Is a book about male anxiety called No More mr. nice guy by dr. Robert Glover brilliantly subtitled their book on how to get everything they want in sex love their career it's so brilliant because it's buried under a title that the guys that need it most would be like why what would I want to be why would I not want to be a nice guy why would I want to learn how to be an asshole when the point is.
Anyone who believes that a nice guy.
Is what they need to be.
When the people that talk about them so he's so nice but I couldn't really see us going anywhere hell I'm not really interested in him like that but he's so nice these are the guys that are the individuals in the masses of nice guys were so disillusioned with being a nice guy that they read this book because they know being a nice guy doesn't give them everything they were expecting with love-life sacks in the careers.
Figuring out that you're going to isolate anyone who isn't ready.
Which is going to be the majority and you're going to perfectly call out and give a reason for them to motivate themselves in a way that they can be proud of.
To share what they are doing so that they don't have to live a lie and when their life changes they can help change the lives of others we see this example and best-selling authors like dr. Robert Glover or Mark Manson right now is teaming up with Will Smith and they're probably going to write something together how do we go from there to there is understanding that coaching influencing helping others is the micro.
Marketing is the macro.
In a mine that excels at one has trouble with the others I know this is somebody who excels in the mind of marketer struggling really hard to find their storytelling ability to find the time to motivate people to listen to an explanation to motivate themselves on the one on one.
And I really really.
Like to give this disparity of knowledge to anyone who is seeking to learn the other side of their coin.
I don't want to hold this marketing info hostage through a barrier of paint if it brings value to it donate to our nonprofit our marketing non-profit if it brings value donate to it whether it's while you're learning after learning years later when you realize this help you crush at you just didn't know how to start it right away or it took you awhile to appreciate that it's different but just as valuable.
Please.
Please invest in yourself as I know that you can tell others to invest in themselves this is something the speaking and influencing Society desperately needs digital marketing is not the same as speaking in crouching and influencing.
But it's the opposite and equal in realizing that creating an abundance of free content will be taxing.
If you don't know how to set it up.
The catch the right people and I can see how frustrating this is this is not something that comes naturally and is a barrier for some of the greatest speakers in keep some of the greatest speaker from continuing on in greatness so please please.
Reach out to me listen more I can teach you what is hidden behind these other people paid courses and we can share this with others we are going to open source this disparity of knowledge.
Because ideas are only very valuable at the moment in which they are shared Beyond then it is our duty to copy and spread this knowledge with anyone who has the time to invest in themselves this is the goal of the Library of Alexandria project to seek out those who understand the value of investing in themselves and you understand the value of investing in others and I had to take the humble pill as a market or realize the value and investing in others is not in having people pay for Mass produce marketing and education coach that's not the value the value is the one on one.
The motive is the motivating the coaching influencing on the individuals that is the real value.
That is why I pivoted to give away the things that make others Millions because I realized the real value.
Is helping individuals the feel lost the feel hopeless.
To give them hope A New Hope.
To realize.
That we are not their path.
But they need to start trailblazing their own path so that means motivating them to not follow us but to follow them selves and grow real honest relationships and give up customers for fans because fans are where loyalty comes from fans are the ones that talk about would help them and Rave about it without needing to be paid influencers because real value can't be Quantified in dollars and sense it is unquantifiable.
And it is real and it is self-evident.
This is the future that I want to invest in as a marketer.
Turn the motivator and please please help me open source this knowledge.
So that other coaches and other motivators know exactly what they haven't been taught.
And that there are so many people saying what they're doing is right but their way is not your way.
I'll give you the tools to figure out your way because you don't need to know my way you don't need to know they're what you need to know your way.
That's what makes the greats greats.
Tony Robbins and Seth Godin are not great because they are just like someone else they are great because they are like no one else.
We could do this.
You help me I help you.
I help you you help me it works both ways and I am more than willing to put my value where my mouth is.
Because I know that this is inherently value.
And this is so valuable.
Thank you.
Keep doing great work.
We can do more if we stick together.
