https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Whats-The-Internet-of-Self-Education-e289a2



It's a pretty interesting time.
When you see history repeat itself.
When human rights are being violated.
I'm a historian first before anything else I've had training in technology and Investments and marketing I especially like marketing and practicing marketing specifically growth hacking which is a much more ethical form of marketing versus the advertising and PR ways in the past that I used to struggle with the ethics of classical and traditional marketing long before I ever saw the century of the self grade documentary on.
How marketers are connecting the way people consume information news beliefs all of these things that go into the brainwashing of humanity.
But I find it interesting now that we are.
Facing a time when.
Truther is a bad word because hard truths go against the nice flow of things the pleasant state of mind so hard truths are akin to dishonesty because they are simply hard to believe with the beliefs that have become acceptable.
Let's just happened in history before the women's rights movements in the Civil Rights movements were both great cases of what first started to be angry women in angry black people.
This went on for decades for both of them they were angry because no one was listening in their message kept in proving they didn't necessarily just keep raising their voice they improve their argument until both of these movements.
That something phenomenal happened you had this switch from messages that weren't wrong.
Weren't necessarily more right than the narrative that had become commonly acceptable but over time were proved to be anti fragile in nature Nassim taleb goes into the definition of anti fragile in his book it's not unlike getting stronger over time by breaking like biological organisms you know working out dieting all of those things are proofs that you know something is anti fragile Beyond robust to where they actually improve with breaking and it it improves them not on might guy how East Asian Pottery would be repaired with gold after breaking and become more valuable this is that anti fragile principle that prove to.
Make the women's rights movement narrative and the Civil Rights Movement narrative more true with time even if in the beginning they were angry dissenters with the system essentially we're seeing this shift now with people realizing that nobody really wants to talk out about a lot of truths that are unpopular they were unpopular a couple of decades ago but now they're even more unpopular because the people who have been most diligent in the sharing of these troops come across as angry.
I mean there are a lot of justifiable reasons why they would come across as angry or frustrated even if their intentions don't actually route from anger or frustration I remember before I was waking up I started to listen to personalities such as Alex Jones and was really put off by how angry and frustrated he sounded but there's a psychological phenomenon that marketers know about with conflict marketing that describes why this is actually a brilliant tactic because what Alex Jones and others like him do when they share a message and it comes across as angry and they take that anger upon themselves and not their ideas is people never remember the ideas that Alex.
John shared even though they're stored in their subconscious they might actually be like you know I like Jones might be onto something if he wasn't so damn angry you know I could actually believe it there's an interesting phenomenon here with these conflict caused or is Kanye West was a brilliant conflict caused or where he's actually very deep and rational minded I believe that a lot of people in Hollywood or influence beyond what they would ever consent to if there wasn't a promise of Fame and Fortune but you see this you know these conflict marketers whether they're used or doing it with their own intention in mind.
I believe Alex Jones is has his own intentions he's not being used or else he wouldn't be censored but the fact of the matter is is nobody remembers that the ideas that Alex Jones Shares are angry you can find this out by for yourself by asking people who believe that Alex Jones is angry and crazy ask them what his you know what messages he should have something that they can actually remember not just a vague recollection of some of the topics he's covered but actual actual details that separates his ideas from other people's not just their general idea of what they've been led to believe the conspiracy is they don't remember any of them this is a very valuable tactic when we're fighting a war for the subconscious from marketers is because Alex Jones just taking that.
That anger that disbelief the early stages of the grief process of people challenging their beliefs and going through the grief of challenging their beliefs he's taking that upon himself in fact anyone over the past two to three decades that has sounded angry takes that upon themself this phenomenon is vividly apparent in the women's rights movement and the Civil Rights Movement but it's it's interesting most people remember the Civil Rights Movement where you had Malcolm X you most people will recall him being the angry one and Martin Luther King jr. the Visionary the positive Visionary but if you if you look at records from that time they were both looked at the same both a angry black man and one of them a religious radical the other one you know a terrorist that they both had the same message the same talking points.
But what's interesting is even though they were both labeled as crazy angry radicalis even so much that you know they were both known as criminals.
For breaking laws not not even the criminal laws but you become a lawbreaker in America the public consensus is if you break enough laws your criminal even if none of them are criminal law fact of the matter is when you're fighting for human rights.
Even freedom of speech like we're fighting for now with this censorship dilemma when you're fighting for human rights you are a criminal.
Martin Luther King Jr and Malcolm X were both criminals by public consensus and by the laws that they were trying to change to challenge the ideas that something can be Criminal.
On the topic of Human Rights.
Anyone fighting for more human rights in essence in quite literally becomes a criminal especially the ones speaking the message the most if you were leading a movement of your calling people to action you were responsible not only for any criminal acts you do but the other people you're calling to action this turns almost all of them in the martyrs they know that killing people.
Has turn them into borderline prophets whether it's Martin Luther King Jr Malcolm X Bob Marley and median the new wave of marketers in the sphere of influence that the the pr experts had under their control that we're breaking through they started killing them back then now they know better because that turns them into a martyr and that immortalizes their message now their goal is to discredit into disenfranchised.
There are many platforms out there now that are uncensorable like Library if you haven't checked out Library go to lbry. IO this is the start of the uncensorable media movement this can replace all the media distribution Outlets we have now currently and it is uncensorable once it goes up there it is there.
This is something that is desperately needed and why there's people working all the time to reinvent media distribution idea distribution and true distribution as we know it.
You've got.
Inno racks and gun combining to create the new internet if you go to the axe website I think it's Acts..
Ecco axial axial that is that is the start of a revolutionary new type of Internet that's beyond what we have any idea of the dark web combined with the light web in a way of that it can never be censored because even when things are changed there's a record of the change you can go back seat where and how it change every step of the way you don't even have the iteration changes hidden behind a user account like WordPress which I also hear is censoring websites in waves this is this is the start of.
The the great sensor movement that happened with both the women's rights movement and the civil rights movement in time proved you know that.
Even now people forget that Malcolm X and Martin Luther King jr. had the same talking points but Martin Luther King jr. was the Turning Point the pivotal turning point where somebody came in and said I want to share a positive message positive words it was still seen as angry by the people who are resisting the change but an interesting phenomenon happened were the Black Panthers had you know angry black people angry white people to that join their cause you had curious individuals that would listen to Martin Luther King jr. probably not understand why you was labeled as a criminal when he talked like their pasture like their priests.
Like their parents and they questioned is racism truly necessary.
Segregation is there really such a thing as good segregation in bad segregation.
And they started to question the ethics of this contract of keeping people separate punishing people for being different.
And he had such a positive tone that it grew and support in a way that.
These kind of movements do that once you have that positive narrative that.
Lies on top of you know the angry frustrated sounding narratives are not coming from a place of negativity they just sound that way because the framing is so much different there's the framing of authority in the framing of I have a hope and I have a dream it's not this is the right way it's what if this is the right way that framing that marketers understand can turn.
A message of Hope into a disgusting message just through the psychological effect of framing is something that has vividly apparent to every Market or whether or not they even know what the framing effect is they know how important it is.
In fact one of the greatest videos I ever saw to show an example of how important framing is to how we feel and what we believe in even what we want to do what we want to listen to is a story a sound of somebody reading a Reddit post about his hot sister and you know the story of lust and incest between his hot sister and going on a journey between him and his best friend and it was really awkward and they kiss and it was you know he got religious and then at the end of it all he had to go off to fight his his father who is Darth Vader.
Cuz he joined the Rebellion it was really interesting thing or is about a 5 to 10 minute retelling of a story of hope that is so disgusting sounding the most people that they don't even get to the punch line at the end.
Fact of the matter is calling something fake news is actually the least effective way of getting people not to listen to a message marketers now that they're the stuff that people don't want to listen to when they start to listen to it that's the scary stuff that's the truth the stuff that they label is fake news is tapping on truth.
But they want you to think that they don't want you to listen to that so that you do and that's the stuff that's that's the stuff that they want you to listen to the stuff that they don't want you to listen to they don't talk about it's out there but it's framed in such a way that they know that you'll stop yourself from listening to it these are the tactics that marketers have been using for over a hundred years now.
The century of the self goes into this in-depth massive depth if you going to library and you search for at Ted that stands for the educational dark web where we hijacked brands of censorship.
To upload truce and let people decide whether or not they're true for themselves figure out how their true for them their story how they can improve improve their story even if they can't believe in 99% of some of these truths many of the things that show up on the educational dark web I don't believe completely but they could have that 1% of truth that breaks the mainstream narrative.
And can Inspire the next Martin Luther King jr. of this current Civil Rights Movement the Civil Rights Movement for freedom of speech freedom of information.
And you have that new Visionary that fights for the rights of what I call mental health because it's not fair that anybody who is breaking the narrative gets labeled as mentally ill that's a mentally unhealthy mindset that not even mentally ill always lead to mental and health anymore in fact there's so many people that are undiagnosed or art in no way mentally ill but still behave in a mentally unhealthy fashion not unlike Nellie Bly found in the 1880s in the mental asylums.
Where are anxiety depression a mental illness or something that was a cause for concern in this newly civilized Democratic type world that was American anxiety at that time and people were labeled as crazy and put in these asylums crazy had a different connotation now they use crazy like we use mentally ill now and we use mentally ill not on Mike we're afraid to use the word crazy now and this connection of how we label people to dismiss them to label them as not right or as wrong or as fake or is bad or is criminal or as lawbreakers all of these things were apparent even back then in the 1880s and Nellie Bly went in and change the way we fought against these mines that these cult-like mine sets these mentally unhealthy mindsets.
In the mental and health narrative separated the treatment of the mentally ill from this mentally unhealthy behavior that was being used to put people that they just wanted to dismiss into the mental asylums and she discovered that there were people in there that were mentally ill and it but the people who broke down the most in the mental asylums where they were practicing mental and health and their treatment of the mentally insane or the mentally ill or all of these people that were struggling even when just anxiety or depression their methods were so skewed because the end Justified the means and it.
They were so off course from the ends that they were in denial that they couldn't get it back on course.
And that was mental and health in the treatment of the mentally ill.
In the mental health in the rest of the world was just realizing it was super easy to label people is crazy or mentally ill put them in an asylum and even the mentally stable people with no mental illness combined with the treatment that was considered ethical and people's ideals of after you are labeled crazy or mentally ill you are broken for the rest of your life these people were driven to a level of violent and Sanity that the people in the asylums that were actually mentally ill we're terrified the baby the people you know in the danger rooms that didn't last longer than a few months or before they were killed by the staff because they were just so file these were the people that were nine out of 10.
Mentally stable discarded by their husbands or Society for whatever reason being too ambitious.
At the start of the women's rights movement back then lots of people in the women's rights movement were put into these asylums.
This is the same phenomenon that we're seeing now that is repeated through history whether it's Nellie Bly who wasn't even a mentally ill person fighting for the rights of the mentally ill we have Martin Luther King jr. you have.
She have all sorts of people throughout history that once they.
Bringing that positive narrative it doesn't negate.
The ones that have been labeled as negative or angry.
And empowers them in a way that lets people realize you know Alex Jones and other people aren't wrong but I have an easier time believing in this person.
In the whole point of this new Library of Alexandria that you can find it Library of Alexandria. Org as long as WordPress doesn't take it down that lbry of Alexandria. Org you can find.
Are most prominent resources at the educational darkweb.com you can find us on Library by searching for at Ted will find more and more of these uncensorable resources like Library are going to be extremely valuable when I control the marketers have gotten.
He is untouchable.
And I I see that there's so many people breaking into wanting to tell their story because the truth isn't in the narrative anymore the mainstream narrative the collective narratives the truth is in the individual stories in the goal of the new Library of Alexandria is to connect the stories to find.
Ethical information based on real life test from people's own lives whether this is you know research they've done to duct of reasoning all of this stuff they've done in their life the findings they found through their experiences weather this be for.
You know education on Mental Health whether this be education on how the world works or whether this be education on how to actually start a business that isn't just somebody who.
Is regurgitating information that is useless for people that you know can max out a credit card to start a business that they have a hope and a dream for but they realize this hasn't been relevant for a couple years now.
These are the sort of unethical behaviors that are apparent and the way education and information are distributed.
In both you know college.
Compulsory schooling and even those that have the desire to provide for themselves as entrepreneurs are business owners I see this unethical Behavior happening in info on marketing which I originally got my training in and I realize that.
The disillusionment I had with marketing when I was taught the traditional marketing methods like the school of Dan Kennedy and other ones and I leaned more to what I was calling ethical marketing or Advanced marketing strategy that was wildly popular in the small and medium type businesses or personal brands.
And then last year I started reading some Ryan holiday books and realized oh I'm I'm just recreating growth hacking growth hacking is has a huge stigma against it in the.
In their traditional marketing education's growth hacking as an obscure cult-like mentality but that's because it's ethical it's mentally healthy you don't sell people what they don't need and you don't try and manufacturer wants.
This is the beauty of growth hacking and most people realize that growth hacking only works to a certain point before you have to introduce advertising and PR unless the entire system changes.
That's what we're trying to do with the new Library of Alexandria project it's a new internet of the way information is distributed from education to Media to entertainment.
The mental health.
Two ideas in general.
They have to have bat testing they have to have personal evidence you have to prove your skin in the game on the side that doesn't make you unbiased if you if you don't know what that means I'd suggest looking into celebs other book The Skin in the game precursor to anti fragile he goes over the principles of skin in the game and anti fragile so I suggest starting with that again but.
If anybody out there needs help.
The new Library of Alexandria project is non-profit.
I'll be providing the type of marketing that has been worth hundreds of thousands or millions and Consulting to the big guys are even the little guy over the years the marketing industry has boom from 40 billion dollars over a hundred billion dollars in less than a decade there's so much money to be had people aren't stopping to question the ethics.
I feel like I'm one of the first but.
I know that there's so many.
They just need to learn these ethical marketing strategy so the Library of Alexandria and my library of Consciousness set library of Consciousness. Com.
Will show you how to find these resources because I don't want you to come to me.
Is the GateKeeper.
Of effective marketing strategy for you know what we are trying to provide more truth more education I'm trying to unschool the world in the idea that marketers are a keeper I will give you all the resources that I've ever self-educated on or gotten from other people and immortalize these teachings on the blockchain for free forever so anybody who comes to me and wants to learn what strategies will work specifically in the message they're trying to get out the story they're trying to tell as long as I can share what I'm teaching with you on my library of consciousness.
In the library of Consciousness. Com as well as part of the the greater.
Library of Alexandria internet of Education.
That's the only payment I I ask for is for for you to let me share this what is been considered for decades to be proprietary information but we can't afford to have that in this movement everyone needs to know how to Market their brand.
I need to know it like 10 years ago.
So I'm sorry that I'm late but I've been educating myself as fast as I can in a in a way that the school system's chewed me up and spit me out with No Child Left Behind I was one of those people I had to rely on myself to educate myself on everything that I knew.
Back in the days when Wikipedia was essentially the dark web of information I had family that wasn't even allowed to use that on there their Master's thesis back in the late 90s early 2000s and that's what I use for my main source of Education back then I use YouTube when you most people were using it for the history of dance I was watching how-to videos I've learned a pretty ineffective way to self-educate but I'm trying to.
Trying to bridge those pieces together with beautiful beautiful practices such as unschooling Montessori schooling to reinvent the way we educate mankind both adult and children in a way where we pay upfront and once.
It only takes people's efforts to contribute not unlike Wikipedia in the long run right now that only payment seems to be my time but if you want to support to this cause with the education that you have that you want to share with mankind throughout the future.
Join me in my efforts with the new Library of Alexandria project to build this internet a free education For All Mankind to build Our Brands and build this authority of Truth with evidence pack testing stories testimonials that aren't based and just trust me dude that bullshit needs to end.
Join me whether it's sharing what you know helping me improve your message by teaching you how to Market what you actually need not all the stuff that you know is charged extra for but doesn't really help you but you have to buy it because you know if you realize that you only need 1% of the marketing strategy to be effective and you don't have to pay for the rest of it you could afford to do it on your own but you don't know who to trust because the marketers are saying don't trust yourself I say screw that most people can learn how to Market their brand in a few weekends and a few 1/2 to our lessons trying what does and doesn't work in the week in between and become self-sufficient after that.
And I know most of these cross topic knowledge bases can be shared like that so people can be self-sufficient we desperately need this so if you want to provide your knowledge or helped contribute to the new Library of Alexandria whether it's just donations if you're too busy to even learn if you know everything you need to know then the maybe you can help by donating.
We don't need the money.
But it sure as well would help in the long run because we have big Visions to even Grove hack.
The world of nonprofits in a way to help a bigger vision.
To help more nonprofits fight these conglomerates.
By creating an unknown no ownership version of a conglomerate through decentralized technology.
So that you can have a virtual conglomerate size power of nonprofits doing great work ethical nonprofits that have to be completely open book because that's how the decentralized pattern works you can't have that Voodoo accounting that you know hides behind good PR that that era is ending.
We're going to make sure of it.
So you can invest in the future of human education outside of a system of control because nobody has any more control than anyone else in the new Library of Alexandria internet is internet of Education where everyone is equal and there is no power to be had.
There is no ownership rights there is no company.
We are building this not friend Roy as the owner of this new internet.
We're building this because it is the right thing I want to play in this new.
Economy of education and information I want my children my future children to have access to this new economic theory of information distribution this new free-market uncensorable version of an Internet of Education where profits are on any other type of internet but this Niche internet for Freedom of Information we're the only investment from the student is there time.
That is the vision I share with so many others and we are building it here at the new Library of Alexandria project you can find her website once again at www.dot lbry of Alexandria. Org.
Join us.
We need everyone's help.
And nobody that tries to control us will have anything to control.
Truth will prevail.
When there is no control to be had.
People are smart enough to figure out truth if they are given the room.
To not have to trust authorities or experts.
Thank you.
