https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/GenZ--Millennial--rEVOLution-e2rmiq



I want to talk for a little bit about.
Economics of gen z i see a lot of similarities between gen Z and the silent generation.
Gen Z.
I think it's very very fitting that they.
Harry the label of the last letter in the alphabet because I see that they are the end of an.
A park in human Generations it's come full circle the silent generation was the last generation that was.
Like jenzie their broke both products of extreme hardship.
It just so happens that we can't see it because the details are different.
We are distracted by Vanity metrics that jenzie is not distracted by I am.
About smack in the middle of the millennial generation.
And I started listening closer to gen Z and what they cared about when I was trying to hold on to FX that were clashing with things that I study for hobbies such as macroeconomics and behavioral economics Global economics and how value chains work in Iraq internationally.
Tna I started to realize that you know the Baby Boomers there they're not going to be in positions of power and 10 20 years Max maybe most likely 15 years Max in my van we're going to have Genex at the top and millennials.
Competing for the know the generations under Genex with Gen Z and started reading into jensy and realizing that there a bigger generation than the Baby Boomers and that's going to be really tough for Millennials and Gen X to process because that's their they're going to make up about half of the world and we need to be prepared to invest in them because they're the future ranging anywhere from.
Ashley 10:24 they're the future and if we don't invest in them.
They could potentially outnumber us and.
The more I listen to them I realize that that sounds a lot like if if we don't learn how to control them the mill control us when.
Ironically enough it's more about Bridging the Divide I feel like when we talk about us and them nowadays it's so divisive because there's no feeling of Hope to.
Bridget divided it's either one or the other is the absolute extreme ISM and then that just doesn't make sense to me in this is this is kind of what happens when you have Generations that are raised in.
Intense disparity and they are at the bottom and in this case there's intense disparity not for the same reason as.
The silent generation which saw the entire economic infrastructure class but now we see the entire economic infrastructure and an enormous mind-boggling bubble and right as it was about to correct itself and email go through this natural cycle of death and rebirth we hijacked it and put it onto another bubble we switched it from the housing market bubble witch had popped and moved it on over to the education bubble in.
That is now going to.
Fighters back hard but that's what you were attempts to do and what I have learned is that jenzie does not care about money.
This is this is hard for Millennials Gen X and Baby Boomers to see let alone comprehend it when they do see it I see a lot of cognitive dissidence and you know.
Analysis of you know housing markets and car markets and people saying that there's you know.
A lack of interest from Millennials are buying houses and a lot of this has to do with the fact that I see how about half of Millennials lean more towards gen Z and the other half of Millennials lean more towards Gen X and baby boomer type mentality of Economics that has to do a lot with debt currency all the currencies based on deck and jenzie just does not give a shit about this is a lot like the silent generation they just hated that and we've gotten to the point where we found the value and Dad and then we push it to its limit and then when I started to push back we locked in a cage and then what it broke out.
We.
Just started feeding it to distract at to the point that we're about to run out of food to feed it.
And that's that's where things are realizing there are so many things that are based on that and that 12 conversion then we don't even know about on the macroeconomic level such as a no insurance and.
Financing and all of these things are based on that transference that started.
So long ago that he died.
Predates American history 2.1 debt was no longer a bad word and I got a line with government Empire of the British Empire specifically is the last big push where there's became such a thing as good debt and bad debt jenzie sees this the same way the silent generation did.
You don't remember what the silent generation is known for they were known for facing greater trash atrocities at home and abroad in Uno personal.
Desolation and also helping to prevent the desolation of others during this Global depression and they are inherently righteous in a way that doesn't have anything to do with self-righteous their selfless they have integrity they have principles principles that were all born with but weren't conditioned out of them from things like.
Privileged Comfort safety all of these things that we value either together or individually I mean if you don't believe that there is been an increase in these entitlements.
Go out and look at how many security camera systems are available at electronic stores now ask somebody who's been working there you know five or ten years if that section was always that big also check out you know the furniture sections in stores and ask them if.
They've seen a shift from functionality to comfort in the past 10 15 20 years and this is the kind of quantitative analysis that let you know that Millennials Gen X and baby boomers are.
So spoiled that we are measuring degrees of less poisonous in a way where it's like we're having a dick measuring contest but the goal is to cut off more of your dick it's so self-destructive and it's it's so divisive it's so.
So so counter-intuitive but it's been conditioned and what gen Z is talking about is so counter conditional.
But it's inherently wise I think a lot about a quote from Tron legacy ads.
Paraphrasing and I don't remember exactly but it's.
Profoundly naive.
But incredibly wise.
And I don't know if I got that exact but that's.
That's what I get from listening to jenzie long enough of course there's an exception to the rule but lumping them all in with a stereotype of stigma is the same thing Millennials got tagged with you know five ten years ago same thing Gen X got tagged with in the 80.
The fact is if we find a way to bring balance but when we have this divisiveness of they're not ready we need to get over our egos because treating people like children makes them lash out like children when we haven't had the skill sets to raise them to be adults pretty much all of the world all the way up to the Baby Boomers are in an extended state of adolescence let's first not trying to dress the belief that that doesn't apply to you but just be aware of that how many people do you know.
That you feel are playing adult the best they can but they mess up the same way a child would if they were 30 40 50 60 years old it's realizing they make the same mistakes because they're not listening to the world that they keep trusting the wrong people their naive like a child.
And they just don't have that counterbalance of wisdom of a child or children are naive and a case where they will trust almost anyone.
Up until a certain age but they also listen to me listen to everything and he call us out on our bullshit sometimes to the point where.
What if we know they're not wrong they don't see the bigger picture they don't see how we can justify to explain that it's right.
They're not wrong.
This is tough because.
Jenzie has had more information at their fingertips than I could have imagined growing up and during the rise of the information age and the internet and its budding years in the amount of time I've had with the internet compared to the amount of information they've had its is realizing I spent 10 years with the internet.
Before we hit the era of the internet where we are in now.
Probably closer to twenty years honestly I think it was 2008 is when the internet got to the point where every three days now we accumulate the same amount of information as we did from the beginning of human history up until that point.
So that's when the internet kind of wanted a hyperdrive in.
The amount of information I was able to consume the internet for him you know 1995 to 2008.
Is nothing compared to the amount of information that I've gained from 2008.
Two now and realizing that it it doesn't even make a dent what I learned before two after 2008 and anybody who started with the internet in 2008.
Has the same information that every single other generation has had access to.
From the get-go from being able to consume it so much earlier than we were able ever able to get it into our brains through the Socratic method schools we have to understand that they are super intelligences.
Taught the maturity of.
You know life by humans in a state of extended adolescence we are all very very intelligent people.
But we are not very emotionally intelligent.
And that stuff because you know in our hubris of authority we believe that we are more right then people who don't really give a crap about reason if it's a logical they don't care about Collective reasoning if it breaks logic which Banner stand because they've learned way more from the internet which is based on foundations of logic the band Oar stand better than we can comprehend and that has made them.
Preferably principled heads.
It's it's not to be denied that they are talking about things that really matter that burst our bubble on a lot of topics and the fact that they are ready to address them quantitatively.
And work together in ways where it crosses divides that we can't begin to let ourselves start feeling ready for because of our ingrained ideologies from you know.
Isolated Collective bubbles for so long and they don't have that so of course they're breaking down devise in ways that you know Collective reasoning and collect of Ethics are saying this is wrong but they're actually following a higher law of Ethics this is the same higher law of Ethics that when the silent generation went off to World War II.
Led to the fall of segregation and the beginning of the civil rights movement because they were able to fight for what really mattered and they didn't give.
Flying fuck if you know the person who had their back was you know black Jewish or white it didn't matter they were they were fighting for a higher principle.
They were not fighting for what was collectively right in their bubbles that have said this is right based on our ideology they were fighting for human rights and of course that led to a huge wave of Human Rights movements after the silent generation.
We don't have enough of these stories.
Because they were the silent generation we have to respect that our ignorance is due to their wisdom and respect for the price paid.
And realize that.
The wisdom has been.
Revived to this earth through the circular nature of God or the universe or Allah or whatever your genetic fallacy of.
Ideology says is the most powerful force sensually love has come full circle.
And that wisdom has come in a way that just says there's not enough stories for us to believe this about the silent generation.
He are given the same sort of conundrum to pull us out on our hypocrisy to listen that they don't have the experience in the authority.
For us to Care to listen to them intelligently and our intelligence has gotten in the way of us listening.
And listening long enough for us to get context we often try an interrupt albeit intellectually.
Things that do not have the same wisdom as intelligence because they are beyond our intelligence there were intelligent waves.
To justify and explain slavery to justify and explain segregation and Leviton that got desegregation there like yeah but.
It's not wrong because it's not slavery just as they said during slavery yeah but it's not wrong because they're not human.
Just as now.
Gen Z years.
Going to be able to figure out how to.
Get us out of a society of debt-based money with tools at the Millennials created.
And people are saying yeah but that isn't slavery.
Well.
That is to slavery.
Was segregation was.
It's realizing that they're not wrong in saying that but.
To have a slavery to have a slave was to have debt over them either as an indentured slave.
Or slave through force or fear of force most likely they only use force in public examples not with every single one it was.
Once they got to you know having children those children were having children they didn't need to use force that much it was so indoctrinated in them to obey from fira force that.
They were obedient slaves no matter what and the same thing was true and segregation it was at least we weren't slaves on a plantation speaking by my don't.
Have the right to but I am sorry.
And what's interesting is is.
We have lost an appreciation for contacts I hear Gary V talking about context all the time it's why people misconstrue him that's why they think he's being a hardass when he's talking to a specific niche of people mostly mostly either jenzie or the influencer crowd the people who understand the value of influencing to be the ethical evolution of corporate brands.
And this is it it's realizing that you know I fell into way to have Harmony between social infrastructure and Commerce in a way that doesn't lead to government tyranny or industrialism.
Because given enough time all the old economic ideologies all the old anti economic ideologies.
All the old social ideologies.
Are going to be replaced completely.
With.
Essentially an economic social infrastructure that is in itself an API for any idea any economic idea any social idea and they can all work in harmony because it doesn't need a single theology or ideology to function and they can all work almost like a free market for ideas rather than.
You know.
Governmental structures as we know them it's going to evolve ethically the same way.
American Social and economic infrastructure upgraded ethically after slavery the same way It upgraded ethically after segregation.
The same way It upgraded ethically after gay rights movement the same way It upgraded ethically after the women's rights movement the same way It upgraded ethically after Nellie Bly in the mental health Revolution.
And what we're going to see is.
A revolution for human race that isn't centralized it's going to be so decentralized that we're going to have an ethical Revolution.
In every single aspect of Human Rights because the fact of the matter is.
This is.
Everything 2.0.
This is human existence 2.0 that's coming up this is human governance 2.0 this is human economics 2.0 this is human medicine 2.0 this is Cuban religion 2.0.
Getting rid of all the ideals all the ideology.
I'm Going Back to Basics going back to the ideas going back to the foundation.
And only good ideas Will Survive.
Cuz only bad ideas need to be enforced.
And if that ideology.
Doesn't exist enforcement.
The natural consequences bad ideas won't ever gained enough traction to overpower good ideas this is the revolution of love this is the revolution of hope this is the revolution of dreamers the same dreamers that Steve Jobs talked about the creatives the same dreamers that Martin Luther King talked about that understand that hope isn't crazy because the opposite of crazy is still crazy.
So either crazy isn't bad.
And maybe it just is.
Think different.
Be a dreamer.
Share your dream with the world because I know you have a dream.
And there will be a time.
When we do not have to pick one.
Love is not wrong hope is not wrong change is not wrong.
Being different is not wrong.
Thinking different is not wrong.
Having a different brain chemistry is not wrong.
Wanting something different wanting something 2.0 is not wrong.
We can out genius the geniuses.
If we do the one thing and systems of control don't want.
And that's to unite.
To listen to each other to listen to our context because context is not wrong.
Let's listen past being offended.
Being offended does not serve us justifying our offendedness Keeps Us divided.
Listen through the discomfort I can guarantee you as somebody.
Who didn't start out appreciating capitalism but understood the value of it so much so that I became totally.
Drunk on it.
And I had a friend.
10 years younger than me.
Debated with me through the hard debates of the ideologies of socialism vs capitalism and what I found out at the end of it I didn't believe he was right.
I could not deny that he was not wrong.
He was afraid of the same things I was I was afraid of crony capitalist and knew that crony capitalist were synonymous with industrial Titans given enough time.
And that led me to explore what it meant to be an industrialist and help me see the difference between Facebook and Google and Amazon and Tesla and Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos all like those four entities are they look the same but they're they're different and Jeff Bezos in Elon Musk they think different.
I think with love and Hope.
And what's more right.
This.
This is the hope I see where social and capital combine in a way where we cut out the middlemen.
We cut out the money changers we already have the tools let's push them Beyond currency protocols let's push them to be not just decentralized cryptographic algorithms for currency protocols.
Let's push for decentralized public services decentralized organizations of collective cooperation.
Decentralized infrastructures to decentralize.
The initiating of infrastructures.
It's not just make it easy to make money.
Let's make it easier to live.
Let's make it easier to have a dream let's make it easier to Hope.
But making stronger tools making tools that don't require getting permission from a middleman.
Slick tools that are truly open source.
True tools that connect the service provider directly to the customer with no middle man.
Taking a percentage.
This is the marriage of social hoping human capital hope.
We take it back ownership of our own Capital as individuals we centralized the individuals is seven and a half billion.
Centralized organizations.
There will be no centralized tyranny the same centralized tyranny that both socialist and capitalist at the bottom of fear the ones that are at the top ignore exist.
Let's do this.
It is not impossible but it is crazy.
It is crazy that they work so hard to keep us afraid of looking at things like blockchain because they know it gained attention when it was pointed at currency and they were afraid of us asking what next.
I will tell you what next what next is Hope what next is cooperation what next is personal growth when next is Personal Mastery screw self control when you can have self-mastery screw control of others when you are the master of yourself.
Screw in a quality when we all know that we are in the same place at different times.
There is no linear progression.
Every single life is a cycle of failure success failure success there is no try you either do or you do not trying is the only failure.
Because trying keeps you from accepting that you need to change trying is what keeps people from needing the change necessary to align what they want with what they need.
This fear of change is fear of being wrong is so self-limiting.
We're so afraid to ask what next.
We look for other people to give us the answer we have all the answers we need.
We have an innate wisdom that has been drowned out by the buzz of anxiety the one true enemy.
A self Mastermind.
Anxiety makes everything worse anxiety is what.
In the 1880s push people.
The new heights with their mental illness it also pushed so many people who were mentally ill to act crazy it pushed such.
A mental and health that wasn't a find my mental illness it was defined by unhealthy personal choices due to anxiety that there was such a stigma for mental illness or any.
Unusual behavior as a result of anxiety.
The new crazy was anxious in the people.
2 or mentally ill we're terrified.
Of what this meant for themselves in the people who weren't mentally ill became the new mentally ill and at that point more people were labeled mentally ill and in and Asain asylums.
Then people who were actually mentally ill when the anxiety was resolved with a voice with Nellie Bly in the same thing is happening now so many people have anxiety that it is considered normal to have negative anxiety for no one is anxiety a useful tool.
Like Daniel Kahneman talks about in Thinking Fast and thinking slow this is that one time that useful tool for Humanity and now are anxiety meters to the point where we wanted to go away because we can't tell the good anxiety from the bad anxiety cuz we're not giving those tools we're actually given the tools to create as much anxiety as possible in our life.
The consumer of consumerism that Jeff Bezos is fighting cuz it's so much anxiety that we don't know what to to buy we don't know where the work we don't know what to study.
Anxiety created for paying bills paying utilities keeping the lights on keeping the gas on keeping the water running all of these utilities that.
Elon Musk is trying to open source.
With the energy sector to give us that power back grade so much anxiety.
There's so much anxiety we don't even know.
What it's like not to live with out some anxiety we consider.
Anxiety to be.
The overwhelming anxiety is there is no no more useful anxiety we don't trust anxiety.
Because it is no longer useful for us this happened in a time before in the 1800's in the rise of the Age of Anxiety which is portrayed very well in a book of same title page of My Age of Anxiety is the name of the book in The Age of Anxiety is explained the end of this book and it is.
I'm.
To rise up.
4 revolution of the human mind the revolution of the human consciousness a revolution.
A peace and love and hope because you have a dream.
And we needed an infrastructure to unite.
Realize that blockchain is not just for cryptocurrency blockchain is your tool pick them up.
Pick up the stool.
Can you date your people.
Follow your dream.
You know who your people are unite them.
If you don't know cold use your voice to share this message and unite the people would code find them.
If you are looking for a place you not go to my infrastructure at my library of Consciousness go to my. Library of consciousness..
If you go to.
My library of Consciousness a library of Consciousness. Cam you can find me and that can be a starting point and it will not be the place but it will be a starting place and I will help you create your starting place if you have a voice to share like me or if you have skills to build with me join me.
Library of Consciousness. Calm we can do this.
Ground Zero we will start building something that is not one place it is every place we are everyone.
We are all already United.
We just don't know it yet.
And it will become more apparent the more who realize this the more who.
See what is not seen.
Not by choice but by belief by belief perpetuated.
Play manipulators.
Talked about in the century of the self you can find this in my library of consciousness.
You find a units in my library of consciousness.
Next to the discussions and you will find this documentary of the decade.
Come together.
Right now.
With me.


