https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/I-Am-Last--Who-Are-You-e2t3s7

I wasn't sure if I was going to.
Do a video.
For this podcast.
But now I'm sure that.
It needs to just be my voice.
Because the only thing that's important about what I have to say.
Are the words that I choose in this episode.
This episode is about labels.
In the conformity.
That they prescribe.
In 2019.
Who I am.
By public decree.
Is a white cisgendered.
Entitled privileged middle-class.
Alt right.
Not because of what I say or how I look.
But simply because of what other people believe.
I have very little choice and even less control over these public beliefs.
That act as judge jury and executioner.
Based on me unaware reactions of anyone.
Who may be my enemy at any given moment.
These enemies.
Are not my enemies.
I learned of them.
Whether I am walking down the street checking out at the store.
Are sharing my inner thoughts.
On a public internet forum.
I am afraid to have a name I am afraid to have a skin color I am afraid to have a hairstyle I'm afraid to have a tattoo.
I'm afraid to have an opinion.
I'm afraid to have a belief.
I'm afraid to have feelings.
It was not always this way.
I remember at one time.
I was just a small boy trying to understand.
Why other people's feelings did not feel like my own.
Why my emotions did not give me the same feeling responses as other human beings.
I desperately wanted to be like others to be liked to have friends.
To be loved to fit in.
And there is honestly no reason.
The dish shouldn't happen.
Except for logic.
I grew up in.
Middle-Class home.
Very secure.
Hard-Working father.
In a loving mother.
I had.
All the.
Privileges and entitlements.
On paper of a white middle-class male.
Family with a steady job.
And even when.
There were times of transition.
A father that was willing to work hard enough until another stable job came along.
There is health insurance.
Savings accounts.
There is every privilege needed for a middle-class child to have everything needed on paper I even had two loving parents.
We spend as much time with me as a stay-at-home mother could afford and a father that had the weekends off and holidays and could afford to spend time helping with homework and setting off bottle rockets back when that was still mostly unquestioned.
But still something was awry.
Very early on in my memories I remember there being a great social debate on whether or not sugar or fat was.
Good or bad which one was the culprit.
This was less important to me than the rising anxiety that was happening.
Regardless of if I was eating sugar or not be anxiety seem to rise regardless of whatever Choice my mother made for me.
Anxiety got worse and worse.
Eventually.
There needed to be answers.
In the answers were abundant.
Different times in my life I was absolutely add I was absolutely OCD I was absolutely ADHD I was absolutely Tourette's I was absolutely bipolar disorder.
That happened to be the one that.
Keep me stable or sedated the best depending on.
The preference in terminology.
Cuz anyone who is sedated is stable needless to say the activity of my constantly processing brain.
That was a thing of all when I was a child and a young teenager.
But much past that it was a thing of horror 2 adults.
Search sedation seemed like the best option not to my parents but you're the experts that believed absolutely what they were told was absolutely right because they were just following all the rules this is not their fault.
It is the fault of a system.
Not a medical system but a system of thinking.
But tells us that it is bad to be wrong.
The we have to save face first.
Find a perfect explanation and reasoning.
Before we ever question things.
This is how a trocity Zara committed through history.
Out of fear of having a voice.
Listening's diet Eros in my system my symptoms did as well despite the sedation.
My brain activity still crave to learn but had no motivation to do.
Practice this cocktail long enough and you have a very.
Thought-Provoking conversationalist that does nothing.
It seems like in these younger years the only thing I could do was worried other people thought were other people would think if I think if I didn't do something worried if I fit in worry if I didn't fit in.
Worried if I was too much like everyone else worried if I was not enough like everyone else.
Eventually.
The sphere of doing that I adopted from everyone else in the world who is not telling me what to do but showing me what to do.
I was a normal rebellious teenager I didn't want to listen to what anyone said I cared more about actions and everyone's actions spoke loud don't do anything risky.
It seems like all my mind cared about was doing risky things.
I was an artist.
I was noticed by.
The Columbus College of Art and Design at an age that was to prepare me for.
A career in the Arts after compulsory schooling.
Until things.
Took a turn for the best.
I was out of Hope and I was looking for risky Solutions.
After a history in a mainstream religion.
Branded with scandal in the 90s my mother took the risk of leaving that mainstream religion.
Before this was an accepted idea.
Spending years of explaining things that other people could prove that she was crazy eventually time validated her.
But without clear spiritual guidance and emotional guidance that was.
Is erratic as my moods were at bat Fest.
Be intellectual.
Pointed us back to religion.
But it seems like the best possible option bringing balance to my emotional health in my mental health in my intellectual health.
Spiritual health.
What better option could there be.
Quickly I learned that I had a lot to learn.
There was okay as my mother was there with me and another mainstream religion extremely nice.
Extremely exciting experience.
To know that we were on the path to absolute truth.
And me interested in taking rest especially in business I was very excited about the fact.
That many of these people in this religion or the heads of organizations.
Open.
The inner workings of top industries around the world.
Never at the top of this was attributed to humility.
Which I understood.
From focusing on emotional intelligence.
Quickly I memorized how to be nice.
How to be religious.
How that spirituality without order.
Is Equitable to send.
Eventually.
A miracle happened.
I knew enough to start conforming.
I was about 17 almost 18 at this time.
And realizing that I could replace.
The negative thoughts with positive excited happy thoughts.
This was obviously the best option.
Then I attempted suicide.
Then I attempted suicide again.
This was a shock for those around me.
But it seems like a huge failure for me.
Because despite the fact that I was happy.
Feelings.
We're not the same as the emotions.
Which were not following the feelings.
My emotional well was drier than ever.
It seemed like I was the one failing when everyone else around me.
Was having real Joy was having real fulfillment.
And their happiness was proof that I was broken.
The attempts.
We're only a choice to catch my physical body.
Up to where my spiritual and emotional heart were.
Although I had a physical heartbeat.
My emotional and spiritual heart was Flatline for years.
Eventually I gave up and started asking for real answers realizing I couldn't take.
Dualism.
That was so right for others.
But was not working for me.
This came to a breaking point when I saw something going horribly wrong.
Are close friends life.
And when confiding in this reality asking for advice and guidance.
I was eventually told that it would work itself out.
And that it was the right thing to have told.
Eventually I learned.
The time was not on my side.
My friend called me up telling me.
What had happened in their life asking me.
If I was involved.
I stayed silent not wanting to be dishonest.
But being afraid that my honesty would shatter their happiness and excitement of my friendship.
Eventually.
Pretty immediately actually I went back seeking.
Even harder answers.
Hard questions to answer.
I asked what do I do I can't tell the truth.
Without blowing up a friendship.
And I was told something that rocked my world.
Sometimes.
My eyes are Justified I don't remember the exact words.
The exact words don't matter.
Because I know for sure.
But I was encouraged to lie to save the Friendship because in the end I was doing the right thing this confuse me to no end as.
Doing the right thing.
Should be able to be an honest thing should not have to hide the right thing.
Iclarified this it was reminded.
But not everyone knows what's best for them.
This was completely counter logic.
But it was reasoning through love.
Eventually we'll stewing on this I was aware of a paradox of morality that I was not sure of but watching other people's actions again I started to see that this practice was common place and of course.
It must be right if everyone's doing it.
Eventually sacrificing morality and honesty.
For doing the nice thing.
This became my Norm.
I still had.
Massage daily.
A suicide.
But it was easier for me to lie to myself.
Did this was the norm.
Then unhappiness could be drowned out with Manic excited happiness that everyone was practicing.
Eventually.
The more time went on.
The more I found I had to justify.
To be like everyone else.
On the surface.
Others would constantly tell me that it was not justification that it was the right thing.
In many different ways and many different conversations on the surface was one thing.
Below the surface was another.
I had dozens and dozens of people over the years come to me about.
Their inner chains.
These inner shames were.
Feeling like they had to put on a face for.
The world they did not everyone was in the same religion I was in.
Needless to say most of the people that came to me we're in this religion that was such a a large but also close-knit Community wherever you went.
That I'd say most of my people were those people.
But the same stories kept popping up regardless of the religion regardless of the faith regardless of the belief system they followed whether their belief system was no it's it was culture or whether it was.
A company or whether it was.
A sports team or what it was they would always be talking about these hypocrisy that made them the bad guys and I started to realize hypocrisy is not good or bad.
Good or bad is based on perspective hypocrisy is what it takes to change.
This is why the people who are desperately trying to change and did not know how or telling me the same things they were being told but we're not able to practice it in their life.
They were just better at hiding it than me.
Questioning whether or not they were doing things right because their life seem too happy but I had no joy there life seemed nice butt.
The love seem to fade.
Can I started.
2 question.
My reality.
Am I chosen Collective reality and the other people's chosen Collective reality.
I've had people.
From multiple face find me to talk to me about whether or not.
They're doing the right thing by going to school by being in their religion by.
Being religious At All by being a gay in a religion by being bisexual in a religion by being.
Gay and being Republican by being Democrat by being.
Whatever it is that their chosen belief system of morality was and I started to realize.
That when I ask people to listen.
They would not listen to me nor themselves.
And when I didn't.
When I didn't.
Think to talk first to drown out the doubts other people would talk to me about theirs.
But I did something different than others.
I listened.
It seemed to be the only thing I was good at.
To the point that I realized that if I didn't try and make it seem like I wasn't listening to people if I didn't try and make people not want to talk to me maybe I would stop hearing the same things over and over.
Does it matter if people are in a cult or not.
We have this culture mentality that I realized.
Is.
Cross religion it is in every single organized religion that is in every single organized political party it is in every single organized company it is in every single organized non-profit.
Varying on the size of the cancer growing within the cancer or not the people questioning things.
But the people who say that there is nothing to question this is the Paradox those questioning their Collective realities.
Are the ones aware of a moral dilemma that other people.
Are not aware of yet.
Through time I have seen.
Those who were true believing in their face in their practice political party and their practice company and they're believed in non-profit I am seen people who were once True Believers.
Have the resolve crack.
The foundation the very Foundation.
Not a broken window not a leaky roof but the very Foundation they were starting to realize was cracked.
And more and more I started to realize people were admitting in their own words that there was no Foundation at all my father taught me from day one.
The most important thing.
When you're building anyting is a firm foundation this holds true to Sky Rises and human beings.
The problem is is there's too many people.
I have an intervention with when everyone practicing cognitive dissonance outnumbers the people were asking them to question their realities.
It's an illusion of numbers.
It's the law of numbers in Reverse it's a paradox.
Where reason has replaced logic.
Which is not good.
Because reason reason that is not based in logic.
Will find absolutely.
Why there are logical reason is better is for the greater good.
This only takes time added to that equation for it to a road and for people to realize that the cracks in their Foundation.
Are actually evidence that there was no Foundation at all or that the foundation had eroded away.
Long before they ever started setting up shop.
This is a problem in a world where.
I always seem to be the weird one.
For liking history and following stories and caring about context not caring about a single story but how all the stories connect together this is.
Almost like.
Looking at history.
Make a woven piece of cloth.
I'm trying to call it a string will only tear it apart.
Because of enough people believe that a piece of cloth is just a string.
They're not going to realize the pulling out that string trying to find the linear pattern in it is actually tearing the entire fabric.
Apart.
These are the things.
But I think about these are the things that drive me and what I found out tens of millions of other people around the globe more so people in the impoverished Nations that have access to the internet to educate the don't have the narratives of the western civilizations.
Any practice unknowingly Eastern philosophy with an abundance of information this is something that Socratic method schooling does not do.
Not only that they cannot do it.
So even the question of will they do it.
Is a scarecrow because if they do.
They lose control.
What is control.
Is it something people practice over us as it's something we practice over itself is it a good thing is it a bad thing it is a tool.
It is a tool that has a very powerful good branding message self-control is considered to be the most positive thing unless you read somebody like Robert Greene who talks about the import of self-mastery the same way Marcus Aurelius did was stoicism the same way Jesus Christ did in the four gospels self-mastery is AB of self-control it is what time is self-control into being one with the world.
It is not Us Versus Them There Is Only us.
But the more I talked about these things.
The more it was called crazy the less crazy I felt the more I questioned whether or not I was right or wrong about being crazy.
Because I have been conditioned for so long.
To consider my thoughts crazy.
Which was dangerous when.
My thoughts.
We're surrounded.
My happiness and excitement.
And even those guiding me in my emotional intelligence.
Told me not to partake.
Of the excitement and happiness that was.
Not the same thing as Joy was a cheap knockoff to joy and peace.
Happiness is a con man's game.
A plan of Happiness is a plan of misery in the long-term this is why so many people.
That I was trying to emulate for my entire adult life had their lives break around them.
I've had.
Close people that I wanted to be exactly like eventually given enough time.
Show me.
Although they said they were spiritually happy and they were absolutely.
Mentally intelligent.
Void of emotional intelligence most of them had interest in it sporadically but continually.
They're spiritually intelligent leaders.
Started to show them that they were more concerned about mental intelligence as the spiritual intelligence that they were teaching.
Would not tolerate the emotional intelligence that they were learning elsewhere.
And this was said nicely.
In this was said with an air of authority.
But it ended up proving not true in the long run showing that they had no spiritual intelligence that they were mentally intelligently mastered.
I'm making it sound like they had spiritual intelligence because they were spiritually knowledgeable that's for sure but they were not spiritually intelligent or else they would tolerate all emotional intelligence.
And they did not directly fear monger.
Against emotional intelligence they did not have to they had the authority.
They only had to cast doubt.
I've had friends but.
I've read books on emotional intelligence and then start to question them given enough time because it goes against the spiritual knowledge that they were taught to remember.
I've seen time.
Be the ultimate test.
Of everything.
Time is the test of what nations.
Provide good results.
Time is the test of what nations.
Are only proclaiming to provide good results time as the test of what companies are built on hopes and dreams.
And which ones.
Or not.
Time is the test of.
What currencies last in this world.
In which ones are another scam.
Time is the test of whether or not.
Morality is based in logic or Collective reasoning.
Just as I was deciding.
To buckle down.
And go all in and stop doubting the reason with this worldly logic.
I went all in on the religion.
And this is when the sign started piling up.
First it was an illusion broken.
Friends that I had that.
10 things outside of marriage.
Did things outside of their sexual preference.
All out of frustrations and pressures and anxiety that were normal.
Exceedingly normal.
Exceedingly reasonable for any intelligent person.
I've known people to realize that they got married only for the sex.
And after a while it wasn't even that good.
And when that last went away they realized they had two choices to admit they were in a Loveless marriage or to make it all about lust.
I've seen Evolutions in combinations of infidelity.
Micro infidelities.
The justifications.
The justifications that are like dick measuring of who can cut off more of their dick in which one is better because they've cut off more of their dick or which one is worse because they've got off more of their dick it is so delusional.
But absolutely reasonable.
Because absolute truth absolute brightness absolute commitment matter.
Better more than peace and joy sanity stability.
Stable happiness.
I eventually realized.
When I took a radical measures against my anxiety.
The doctors that have been helping me for years finally admitted that something outside of what they were able to teach was working.
I realize that they cared.
And they were not legally allowed to care in the way that they were happy that I found outside of their instruction not all of them.
Eventually time showed me which ones.
Really cared and which ones.
We're practicing.
Being nice.
In the more evidence is I had that the people I was surrounded with or in Generations.
Of dysfunction.
Living in cognitive dissonance.
Of infidelity fear of infidelity Loveless marriage sexless marriage.
Hatred of oneself hatred of one spouse hatred of one's children.
Hatred of one's parents but needing to pretend.
To love others by being nice and forgiving and not being able to process emotions by bottling up feelings.
Not having the emotional intelligence to know the difference between feelings and emotions and emotions and.
That feelings do not lead to emotions feelings result of emotions.
Bottling up feelings.
And hoping to feel emotions without processing either will only lead to the chasing of feelings.
And when things are still when things are silent.
The emotions are dead.
An excitement or stimulation or something is needed.
I started to realize that I had a choice to either go all in and try and brainwash myself with what I committed to because absolute commitment was truth.
Absolute obedience.
Was for the greater good.
Then.
I started looking for more realizing that I had spent a long time finding people that I was attracted to physically and intellectually.
But the more I got to know them I realized emotional intelligence was nicely dismissed.
It was nice that I used it.
But it was not for them for lots of really really sympathetic reasons but there was no empathy.
The more I went the more I realized that I was going to have to settle.
For somebody who didn't care about emotional intelligence lie about myself for the rest of my life resent the fact that I was doing things the right way.
But because I knew of emotional intelligence.
I would have to sacrifice.
That happiness that I knew would be easier if I found somebody with emotional intelligence.
And before I gave up on this.
This.
Collective reasoning that was not just in my religion but in so many of what I call religion isms of the world that have far less to do about spirituality than they do the practice of collective reasoning.
Religionism is.
Collectivism.
Interconnected ism.
People looking for the nice thing the easy thing.
In finding their Collective digital cult.
But need to know Central organization religionism is a result of digital connectedness with telephones.
Social media.
Ease of connectivity has redefined.
The word cult from being something that is small doctrinal.
Organized to something.
Not centered around a single person or a single Doctrine but the emotional unintelligence of individuals.
This emotional unawareness in the cognitive dissonance experienced when presented with emotional awareness.
The problem is is every religion ism.
Seems to avoid.
The truth they need by calling it sinful by calling it conspiracy theory by calling it wrong by calling it illegal by calling it.
No anti something but really the only thing it's anti is ego.
Before I made the choice.
To leave.
First I went all-in with my commitments to the religion and then my commitment to find a partner in it in for a year I went on over a hundred dates I moved to the epicenter of this religion to experience as many people as I could and continually I met resistance to emotional intelligence.
The most disheartening thing was the ones who understood emotional intelligence.
I have the.
Unfortunate entitlement to not be in track attracted to them.
This was the irony of My reality that the only people who cared about emotional intelligence I was not attracted to enough to make it work.
Was this selfish of me.
Perhaps.
But before I had.
Before I had to make the choice of whether or not I needed to sacrifice more of myself for the greater good.
Someone walked into my life.
Outside of my religion.
Connected on a mutual passion of food specifically sushi.
This was quite literally the girl of my dreams.
4 years of being told I should not entice myself with what I wanted.
And calling lust love and love lust.
I have begun begun to demonize the type of woman she was based on outward appearance.
Eventually.
Over Sushi meals I started to realize Not only would she truly listen.
To my thoughts on emotional intelligence but she wanted to discuss the more she wanted my advice on things that I was not very good at doing very good at thinking about.
Realizing I knew I needed a partner to really practice emotional intelligence and then I could not get it right for more than 3 or 6 months at a time with 6 to 12 months of recovery in between.
This was entirely frustrating but now knowing that I unlike others was half of a whole.
I know many others that are a whole unto themselves.
These are many of the people that I met who can find it in me.
And realizing that the more time I spent with her.
The less.
Other thoughts that were normal.
Acceptable for someone with my condition for going away the more confidence I had to do when I saw that the advice I was giving theoretically to her situations.
She cared enough to do.
So efficiently it gave me the confidence in myself that maybe this isn't as hard as I believed it to be and I started doing eventually the Suicidal Thoughts started going away anxiety started melting away.
I started making better choices in the long run.
Needless to say this created more divides in my life.
Mentors and guides in the religion were saying in the opposite of logic.
And those Whispering logic all around me.
That work.
Below.
My acceptable bar.
This obviously defied my logic.
But it also defied My Chosen reason.
And I had to realize that.
I made a choice.
When I like many others were not taught logic.
1 eventually I was given a book on logical fallacies of very short book these are essentially the principles that.
All religions start with but over time.
The Dogma doesn't like the logic is much and they prayed a reasonable idea to replace the logical principle.
Unless unless popular it becomes.
To teach logical fallacies.
Because if people aren't aware of logic reason becomes Inseparable with logic but they are not mutually inclusive.
Eventually learn this when I realized that people around me did not have to have what I was told was absolute truth to be good people.
In the more.
I succeeded at emotional intelligence and cared less about the failures which made it easier to succeed more.
Because I was no longer feeling like a failure when I failed.
Images help me succeed more when time was added to it.
Eventually I made the radical decision to marry this woman.
But not leave the religion behind completely.
She had faith.
That I would figure out me and trusted me more than the reason she was taught.
She understood that I was doing good things and things would work out and I believe the same things too but on the opposite end I wasn't sure whether or not I was going to be wrong.
First you would convert to.
My absolute truth.
But I was having trouble letting go off.
Eventually.
I found the evidence.
Did I chose to believe in.
Those words are important because when it comes to our personal truth.
It's a choice there is no such thing as absolute truth.
We either.
Big are personal truth aligned with an absolute truth that somebody else.
Declared was absolute truth based on their personal truth.
Are we do what's right by us those we love.
In the life we want to live based on logic and morality.
Over this time I made more and more radical decisions moving out of the country with my wife realizing that I was wrong.
About our next-door neighbors in the country I grew up in.
And I think was radically less anxiety.
And when I let go of the fears I realized it was equally as safe.
Is any suburb I had lived in.
And even the busy cities were only as dangerous.
I'd say Class B cities.
Am I home country.
This was.
A radical realization that I have been duped.
An anxiety was going away at a rapid rate communication became easier listening became easier for both me and my wife then we made another radical choice.
To move out of this house in another country.
And then was the in-laws.
I was told this was.
A bad idea that if I needed help just tell tell some I needed to stop doing what I was doing if this is how things were turning out this is not proof of.
You know things going right.
These were the people that were in my inner circle and I realized that I desperately wanted to believe that they cared about emotional intelligence.
But when it was time to put their money where their mouth is.
They proved that they could reason their way out of logic and morality and good choices.
Can claim to take the moral High Road.
Play me for all the things they were worried that I was blaming them for but how could I blame them when I was.
Feeling like just yesterday.
I was doing the same thing I was not judging them despite what their feelings were telling them they couldn't hear my emotions.
Because they were blinded by their own feelings their own reaction they felt betrayed that I was no longer validating them by trying to be exactly like them and they told me I had changed and it felt bad and wrong to them.
And I felt such a mint sorrow.
Realizing but I had unintentionally dupe them by trying to be like them and realizing that I was terrified that I did not want their lives.
And I felt so.
Ill-Equipped because I did not have the authority needed.
For them to believe.
But there was a different way that they're intelligent construct.
Of data and spiritual knowledge was making their.
Spiritual intelligence worthless and their emotional intelligence.
Nonexistent.
Falling for the Trap of.
Mental intelligence once everything explained in.
Simple within their reason they wanted to sound nights the problem is is.
When people are honest mostly when they're frustrated or venting and apologized for it any honesty sounds mean because if you don't say what you mean.
And saying what you mean sounds mean.
Time eventually prove this to me as well.
And even so.
The common cognitive dissonance response to this is this is what I believe.
It doesn't mean it's not truth.
Every personal truth is a belief.
The belief that there is absolute truth is a belief it does not make it logically true despite how much evidence is there to support the reason to Spade how many people are there to claim that it is reasonable in that logic is the same thing as reason.
This is something that used to be a symptom of Colts.
But now religionism has made it a part of every organized system of order in the world.
It's the same but different realizing that each one is anywhere from.
5 to 50%.
Illogical but since they are in different areas people are bickering over off of which half of their dick they cut off and which one is worse.
Down the middle.
Which metal which metal is right.
It's so insane they're measuring degrees of rightness which wouldn't exist if there was absolute truth and there was an absolute right way.
In the more I spoke my personal truth based on logic.
Seeking positive results.
In the long-term can system positive results the more I was called crazy delusional evil bad criminal you name it.
And I started to realize.
I have.
Benin to what most of the world but I never considered Colts of this world.
But the biggest.
Religionism.
That I was ever in is the religion ISM of collective reasoning.
This seems to be.
The religion ISM that every reasonable person belongs to.
That doesn't know what the logical fallacies are that doesn't make that their moral guidelines.
This is.
This is the problem with ethics and morality.
Logical fallacies are the same things that to spiritual knowledge is morality.
Logical fallacies are two.
Mental intelligence what a moral compass is to spiritual intelligence.
In what emotional intelligence called ethics.
Is really just.
Their sense of morality learned from mental intelligence.
Really there are principles at the core of his Universe like a logic like music like numbers.
Like patterns.
The Weeknd reason our way out of but understanding the difference between a square and pie.
Takes understanding what self-evident truths.
Mean to reasoning of a perfect square versus pie.
This may be confusing if what pi means to you.
Is based on.
Fruit & Pastry.
Or cheese and go.
I have never been more spiritually in tune in my life I have never better understood my moral compass ever in my life I have never been doing more good in the long-term ever in my life I have never been more productive.
Mentally intelligently emotionally or spiritually ever in my life.
But still people can find the reasons.
And collect the evidence is to support their reasons based on things in my past as to why I'm wrong bad criminal or otherwise.
Time will tell.
But now I am aware.
But all of my diagnosis is were wrong.
I've been validated by this.
For the people who have originally diagnosed me with the ones that fit best.
I realize it does not matter.
Whether or not I have a diagnosis for my overactive thinking.
But is only overactive from a perspective.
Because one perspective is genius the other perspective is crazy I don't care either way now because I still get both and I realize.
I hung on to the idea that I was a genius a lot more when I was afraid that I was crazy.
I don't care either way.
I am what I am.
I want more people to be able to say the same thing.
We live in a world of right and wrong and not right which brings great and balance as there are more ways to be wrong than there are to be right.
I would encourage you to be not wrong because in the long run it provides better results than trying for this perfectionistic ideal of being right it's because if you can be.
Wrong in two ways either by being not right or being wrong there's only a degree of wrongness at that time and very few people are allowed to say what's right.
I know what I'm doing is not right.
Fire every intelligent and spiritual.
Reasoning of the matter what I am doing is not right.
But also what I am doing is not wrong.
That is the Paradox where time is on my side.
I realize.
Communication is hard in this world.
And I have a hope that we can learn to communicate and realize that it took almost 40 years for us to get to the point where we got this bad at communicating with the rise of this magical tool known as personal Computing in the internet.
We have this magical device in our pocket not only in First World countries but every country in the world.
This.
Magical tool.
Has also made us really really weak.
A communicating.
Because his easiest communicating is now.
We know how to do it intelligently.
We don't know how to do it emotionally at first it was online now it's offline to it's spreading like a digital virus.
3/4 and a half billion people in the world.
Are infected with.
Experiencing cognitive dissonance with because it doesn't look exactly the same as heroin.
But it has the same macro results without the same micro side effects.
I see no difference between a functioning addict.
And the way we've become accustomed to using electronic devices.
My personal truth is I started experimenting with self-control when it came to technology.
Well before 2008 when technology became popular for the average person to use if you weren't and technologists.
I started exploring Solutions years before people even started experimenting with technology on a regular basis.
I started questioning what was real on the internet.
Long before I ever hit puberty.
I had that mastered long before people started saying don't trust everything you read on the internet.
Am I unaware mind was thinking no shit.
But I was not aware but a teenager could understand what other people could only look at with absolute fear because to them don't trust everything you read on the internet the same thing as don't trust anything you read on the internet and that became the norm because people don't say what they mean.
They do what they mean.
And they would not listen to anything that was found on the internet but realizing that I would check recheck revalidate continually do so as easy as people will make a cup of coffee or light up a cigarette or turn on PornHub.
The fact of the matter is is.
Given enough time into adulthood I was validating my reality.
The same way people are addicted to Sugar wholly unaware that it's even a problem I was wholly unaware of their problem because it was working for me and I couldn't understand.
Why there was this divided that I was not aware of it was not communicated to me.
Then I started to read that probably became my biggest downfall.
From the point of view of.
Those that knew me.
After I read their absolute truth I needed more because I realized the same thing they started to realize that it wasn't enough turns out the absolute truth isn't enough.
But this is only logical the absolute truth is only absolute in a now once that now has passed after the birth of an absolute truth after the birth of an idea.
It's time for it to change but absolute truth doesn't tolerate change.
So when I was finding the answers I need and more and more people who had taught me absolute truth absolute obedience.
And I was starting to listen to more and more logic and getting more and more results it became more and more unbelievable for those around me they push me away and eventually started blaming me for.
This broke my heart.
And that's when I started to realize.
That my emotional and spiritual heart were beating again.
I realize that it had been slowly starting.
And that's why the motivation was coming again not from exterior sources not from Gary V videos not from Tony Robbins but from within me.
And it's realizing.
That the echo truth from people whether it be Tony Robbins Gary V spiritual leaders throughout time.
They were all right and they were all just like me all of them or just like me how could this be so how could I not be different than these emotional or spiritual Geniuses how could I not be different when they were absolutely different than us they were absolutely special was I duped again.
It would seem so.
We believe what we're ready for.
And we're only ready for what we believe.
We live in a reality of multiple realities my reality is a completely valid reality your reality is it completely valid reality if you follow practices such as heuristics logical fallacies.
Checking your bias all of these things will test the validity of your reality if you don't do these things you will be able to reason perfectly in your mind.
Why your reality is valid.
But you will not know you will only know how to believe.
This is difficult to explain to a True Believer as explanations mean nothing to a True Believer unless they support their chosen true absolute belief.
This is the madness.
Realizing that.
I have become quieter than ever.
Because other people can't tolerate.
My personal truth.
And realizing.
I Center myself for my safety.
Because whether it is the alt-right or the alt-left we need to realize we live in a world of multiple realities 7 1/2 realities sharing a reality.
That is leaning heavily towards dualism extreme dualism.
In the reasonable response seems to be.
Xtreme paradox.
But I would counter this.
To apply logic to find Harmony.
Which is the Eastern philosophical way of saying.
Find a balance between Duality and Paradox because Paradox is where things like love and Trust compassion charity kindness live Duality is where things like nice.
Right wrong meme where these things live there is a Harmony between duality in Paradox that we have lost and it seems like now it's just a war between the extremes extreme Duality or extreme paradox.
And we've gotten to a point in time.
Where we have a label for this existential realization to find Harmony between the two in the past which was.
Call balance which was called stability which is called.
Enlightenment depending how far back you go it is been called many different things.
They're realizing that sacrificing one for the other out of beer.
Is not what is needed.
The answer to dualistic extremism is not.
Dualism it is not either or it's finding Harmony finding balance between the two.
Reintegration.
With ourselves finding that Harmony within on an individual basis and realizing that there is a common term for this now in our era it is called an existential crisis.
Unfortunately that seems to feel synonymous.
With a mental breakdown.
Considering who you ask it is the worst kind of mental breakdown.
Because you're seeking meaning in a meaningless world.
Or in a world where the absolute truth makes you a victim.
Tudor distributed control.
Not through whips or chains but through guilt and shame.
The greatest weapons on this earth right now or words.
Mystifies everything we've.
Been taught that sticks and stones can break my bones but words will never hurt me.
But this is not so.
Words affect our emotions.
In the long-term and well we can dismiss words from hurting her feelings which is what is self mastered individual would do so that it doesn't hurt us in the long term.
Not being aware or not wanting to believe that it can hurt us in the long term is exactly why people can control their feelings.
But still be experiencing them on the inside.
And this causes deep festering wounds like cancer.
That lead to much worse decisions than addressing it on the spot so that you aren't processing somebody else's feelings that came out his words and realizing it's doing this process as a child that is required.
To have the emotional intelligence to have the self-mastery to not feel a certain way when somebody says something because you care about your long-term emotional health.
But if you believe that you care about your long-term emotional health and somebody says something and you don't react.
But you can't immediately forget it.
Oh my friend.
That's a self-evident truth.
But you need emotional intelligence.
Some of the most intelligent thinkers in this world have lacked emotional intelligence some of them have lost Empires because they lacked emotional intelligence some of them have regained Empires because they gained emotional intelligence but from dualistic versions of perfectionism or imperfections don't exist there is nothing but harsh judgments for these individuals.
From what we need.
Is a rebirth of a movement that wasn't able to take off the ground because the person who lifted it off was a female.
A female by sex I don't want to assume a gender or feminine or masculine obviously they had Harmony between the masculine and feminine because this woman.
Blew the lid off.
Of the mental health slave camps.
In America known as Nellie Bly.
She was the Rosa Parks.
But there was no Martin Luther King jr..
To follow.
There is no Martin Luther King jr. to Champion this message home.
And what we need is the most unlikely.
Solution.
We need a Martin Luther King jr. Harvey Milk.
For mental health.
To carry on Nellie Bly in the spirit of her effort in today's age blow the lid off of this mental and health.
Phenomenon festering under the fear of getting mental health help.
We need a Martin Luther King jr. and Nellie Bly.
We need a Harvey Milk of mental health today we need it now we need it today.
I don't I don't know if I can even believe.
I'm even allowed to even attempt this is a cisgender.
Straight.
Male heterosexual.
I am the most hated.
Label.
Of them all coming from what is considered the most privileged entitled.
Class in America.
Despite the fact.
But my father worked to the bone as a slave for system that he believed in him my wife followed him trying to hold a family together doing something she wasn't sure of because Duality Creed's divides even between.
Loving couples.
That cannot be spoken for fear that they are real.
And these divides go unspoken.
Siloed lives.
Less and less communication.
Picture Perfect on the outside Picture Perfect on paper.
But the emotional well has run dry hope is giving up.
That's become unimaginable despite the fact.
Year after year making small fortunes.
To realize the unfortunate Inconvenient Truth.
But you can work.
As hard as it takes to become a millionaire.
And still be in the middle class.
And that seems to find a way and a system that's rigged against you when you have your nose to the grindstone that you can't question the system that keeps betraying you.
No matter if the economics our capitalistic or socialistic.
Seems like they work in tandem to fuck people up when they expected the least and not give anyone a person to blame because if there's no specific person to blame.
No one can be held accountable.
And nobody gets what they need.
And everyone feels like there's no way to get with a wand.
The sad truth is is.
The reasoning behind.
Xtreme Paradox of.
What.
The alt-right started to call the alt left.
Out of the need for a dualistic response.
Has made an entire class of people that aren't allowed to talk.
Feel afraid for their lives when they're already beaten down and destroyed.
Hopeless pushed into silence even if they can afford to not be silent realize that it doesn't matter if no one will listen.
We need a champion.
We need a champion.
Who will not lead us.
What can give us hope.
Not order.
From chaos but order through chaos.
Fuck perfectionism.
All we need is love.
Love is all we need.
We need a Revolution of Love.
We need to stop arguing about whose divide is worse and let it be.
Find a way to move forward.
Move along this long and Winding Road not knowing what the end looks like but follow hope follow a vision for anything better and realize that no idea that is gauntness this far is going to be good enough to get us to the next spot in life.
The dualistic response to capitalism or socialism we need something Beyond economics we need something Beyond.
Analog or Smart Level of governments we need a Quantum solution for a Quantum world of interconnectivity of holistic connectivity of quantum connectivity we need Quantum Solutions it is time for a creative solution to a logical problem.
Miss logical problem is that reason has defied logic and we need to get creative we need to break reason.
It is not either or it is something new something radically new something that is neither good nor bad but decent we need a decent solution.
Because whether or not it is centralized Paradox or centralized dualism neither one have proven to work through time.
And both sides seem to be delusional.
That they can finally get it to work if we just go back or if we just try again.
We need a decent solution we need a decentralized solution we have the tools if we choose to pick them up.
We just need to start looking at what's already in front of us.
As a tool.
And not as an escape we need to accept or harsh reality.
But just because the game is changed in addiction no longer needs to be a substance.
That we need to find a way to master ourselves like a doctor who is addicted to drugs does not need to say David okay we can't have drugs in this hospital so I can be a doctor know they buck up they don't just practice self-control they practice self-mastery they realized that every choice matters and especially the ones that we're not aware our choices and they dig deep.
We need to do the same and we can there is so much hope.
When were afraid.
Because we don't know what's next 5 10 15 choices down the line we give our power away to people who seem to know what the next choices but in reality there is only ever the next choice because once we make our choice or next choice even if we expected.
The choice after to be one thing we can be met with the reality that it is something different there is only ever the next choice every other choice afterwards is a speculation.
Anyone who says.
Did they know what the choice is past this next choice.
Has been calling us long before we have people alive to remember when it started or how exactly it started we need to let go of knowing.
Why and just start doing.
Is my wife showed me that thinking can be my enemy and doing will provide me the results that I needed to know personally what is right.
We need to lift your heads up.
In carry on.
This.
Is everything.
This is a revolution of love it does not need violence that does not need marches and needs us to sit down.
And turn our thoughts inside to ask why we need to sit.
We need to sit and collectivize follow dr. King in his example realizing that marches led to nothing good on either side of the marches.
It led to charged feelings so he worked to discharge those feelings by switching to sit and we need to follow this wisdom hidden in the fire details realize it feels better to March than it does to sit.
But it gets more done.
These are the thoughts that are explored when we turn inwards and ask why and ask ourselves how we can let go and just start doing yet realize that the only person that can explain to you how to let go is you you just have to ask yourself and listen long enough.
To hear the counter conditional maybe even counterintuitive truth.
Because realize that we collect of reasoning your intuition has gotten a week so even what you consider intuition could just be another form of collective reasoning that you memorized and don't even remember.
Where you learned it.
These are the experiences that I learned not from success but from failure.
In my life is a history of failure and now that I realize that failing does not make me a failure.
I have a new Love and appreciation and empathy for the word failure failure gives me hope of something I get to work on and when I am not worried about becoming a failure it becomes so much easier.
To push forward and keep doing.
We need to take the rest to do realize that this fear of trying leads us on an endless search for explanations.
But never help us do.
But only teaches how to try.
We have the answers we seek.
And there are many nice and feel good con man around the world.
They're so busy appealing to a certain group of people.
They don't care if they piss off everyone else they don't care if they piss off of other people who are also too nice to say anything about them they don't care if they pissed off other people and they aren't tonight of theirs.
Essentially cult leaders of niceness and cult leaders of anger but in the end.
They provide the same long-term results not absolutely.
But systematically.
We just live in a world where we've gotten so weak at listening we can't see what's right in front of us.
Because when calling it of dissidents becomes the norm.
Ignorance becomes the default.
So what I say to you is let go of your anger and negativity and hatred.
Start asking why start with yourself.
Don't get on anyone else's case for not asking why that will happen.
What's quantum Deep Thoughts we can ask wife ourselves in resist the impulse to.
Dictate to other people that they should be asking why you're more realizing that it takes a certain level of listening to be able to help other people asking why without explain it to them.
That we need to lead by example explanations will not serve us whether we are on the side of Duality on the side of paradox whether or not Duality makes you feel.
Angry or whether or not Paradox makes you feel afraid or confused.
These are just excuses for not taking a risk on finding balance.
No one has all the answers.
I'm sure.
That we can find a better way beyond all the ideas that exist there are ideas that can't even take root.
These are the ones that provide the most hope.
The world is changing.
For all those that hear my message and rejoice.
Know that there are hundreds of millions of others.
Going through the same process of you.
And we are all starting up.
A library of Consciousness which is a free public service.
Things to the zero marginal cost Magic.
Of Digital Society.
Preparing to be a decentralized public service.
This too will help us collect her thoughts collect her knowledge get to know ourselves better help other to get to know us better.
This is everything you know how to do making playlist.
Sharing videos all of these things.
That you are familiar with our second nature to you used to waste time or educate yourself.
Can be used.
In the library of consciousness.
If you want to see an example of this library of Consciousness project to make one of your own go to Library of Consciousness. Calm and you can see my library of consciousness.
And you can go there for Hope or you can go there for ridicule But realize.
It's my library of Consciousness it is not a safe place.
Depending on whether or not you choose negativity or positivity.
My library of Consciousness nurtures good ideas that don't need to be enforced weather this enforcement is through violence or mockery or threats.
Those are the things that don't exist in my library of consciousness.
Those are the things that I have the power.
To tolerate or not.
If you have a library of consciousness.
You too can have one of your own.
Please feel free to ask in my NGO will help you set up your library of Consciousness and together we can collect device in a way if it could not be censored could not be controlled you are the individual you are the central individual in your reality take your power back because it was not removed from you it does not reside elsewhere it resides in you and you were distracted from it.
You were distracted from it with all sorts of lingual and psychological and technological Magic.
Coming from a background of psychology and Technology I realized that magic is only knowledge that is not common place in usually provides tools that seem like magical tools.
So while these tools will seem like magic to some they will not to others they will seem like technology or knowledge.
We are open sourcing hope we are open sourcing love and it does not need to happen in one place this can happen anywhere.
The library of Consciousness project is not something that exists on social media it is not something that exists on Facebook it is not something that exists on Twitter it is not something that exists on a form it isn't something that exists in the hearts and Minds in harmony all across the globe in every single heart in mind on this globe it does not.
Reside anywhere other than in you.
This means that well my library of Consciousness may be one place yours may be anywhere that it can provide the same tools necessary for you to get to know yourself better.
Fortunately many of these tools are free to use anyways and more of them are becoming more free to use this is why this is a sustainable project it only takes time and attention the two most important currencies in this world.
And I'm asking you.
To invest time.
And depending attention to yourself.
There's so much hope there's so much love that I didn't know existed in this world and I want you to be aware of your hope and your importance.
That you can find Within.
Shine that Light Within.
Stop listening to others to tell you to shine it out to others if you don't know where your light comes from within even if it's intelligently explained where it comes from elsewhere but you.
You need to find your own life before you believe in any stories of how to amplify your light how can you amplify your light.
If you have not let it.
If you are distraught if when you are alone and things are still.
But you are not happy.
That you are doubtful that you're worried that you're anxious.
If when you are perfectly alone.
You're perfectly anxious.
Please join us.
The library of Consciousness. Com.
Thank you.
