https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Ideas-vs-Ideals-e2p22d






What does it mean to open source everything.
This is a very important question.
Open source is usually.
Siloed into specifically the field of engineering and software development specifically.
We may have heard of Open Source software software that is free to use.
And the source code is completely free to copy and edit.
There have even been.
Organized communities.
That form out of this open-source idea.
Which.
Is not a new idea it's it's very ancient and major.
But it's in direct conflict with the ideal that there is such a thing as proprietary or.
Rates to own an idea rights to distribute an idea and this.
This is interesting because we live in a world.
That has been built.
Bye.
Closed source that has been built by.
Owned ideas.
But has an Essence at the height of this civilization.
Has spawned tools necessary to create.
Open-Source communities at first it was computers.
And then it moved to the internet and it grew even more powerful.
And one that was more and more centralized it's spawned a new tool decentralized cryptographic algorithms.
What does this mean.
Does this mean that.
Ownership of ideas intellectual property copyright.
Is it mean.
Proprietary all of these things doesn't mean that they're bad.
Not a hundred percent perhaps I think that's.
A great.
A great thing to point out because very rarely is anything ever 100% wrong or 100% right and even when it is it's circumstantial.
And realizing that.
There is always been a constant war between ideas and ideals and to give credit to ideals.
The tools to spread ideas without an ideal.
Haven't really existed on mass until the internet.
It first started with the printing press ideas could spread without an ideal a centralized organization to teach and educate and be the authority on an idea to help it grow.
But just as a pot.
Can help a plant grow.
Plant can never truly thrive.
Unless it is free.
Headache.
Can spread and it can grow.
New entities in all Springs with no control limiting its growth.
Only then can a potted tree once it is freed.
Into the chaos of the world ever become a forest.
It does not mean that a 4 is cannot be divinely organized and planned and controlled into existence.
Just as much as it does not mean that the forest cannot grow.
Without control.
And divine organization essentially a more intelligent being than a plant organizing its Universe it's reality its organization I think part of human humerus is.
Not wanting to let go of control.
In the fear that goes into what happens if you give up all control.
Something I explore in a previous podcast it was raw and uncut.
Part 2.
What what does this mean this war between ideals and ideas does this mean that all ideals are bad no it just means that now ideals.
Can be limited to just a personal belief and they don't need organization.
To help new ideas grow organization can exist for ideas.
In the internet either as we know it now in the centralized version or the future of the decentralized internet using entities like the gun protocol Axe and the layers of fascinating decentralised protocols in the era project.
Have people like Mark Nadal designing.
Assassinating.
Infrastructure.
Of uncensored unbridled growth and potential.
His team works for for the sake of the vision.
And not for absolute control acima same thing with other protocols like the library protocol.
For decentralized distribution of ideas.
Does this mean that they can say damn to the rules of control that exist now no.
Navigating these rules of control realizing that they have orchestrated immense power and power to enforce it would be unwise not to recognize this power just as much as it is unwise.
To ignore the fact that decentralization.
And ideas no longer need ideals to grow.
How does an ideal fall.
This is a very very important question that's answered through history.
Centralized ideals throughout the past 200 years of democratic history throughout the world.
Have it time supported slavery.
Supported racism supported segregation.
Can we see a pattern.
We see a pattern where.
When slavery.
Is considered an old world practice in the world is creating ideas to move on from that way to build an infrastructure.
New centralized organizations of ideals spawn up at this time.
This movement of their other ideal ideas to create an infrastructure a civilised infrastructure other than slavery is not new to this past Bicentennial ERA this is littered throughout history in always a civilization finds a way to turn slavery into something unethical.
Anyone familiar with history enough.
Cease this to be a case that is the backbone of every civilized civilization to be built on the back of slaves until eventually slavery goes from being the best option to another and ethical option and there's a war of ideas vs ideal where the old ideals die.
In many new.
Centralized ideals of thought sprung up in this time in the mid 1800s and throughout time there was a constant debate it's how far do we take this do we not support racism do we not support segregation and this war of ideas vs ideals how far do we take it as it.
Is it wrong is it right is it right because it's been right for so long as it wrong despite the fact that it's been consensus of the ideal for so long these are the constant things that push centralized ideals to their limits to their breaking points to the point where they realize that the argument that segregation and racism is not the same thing as slavery being pro-segregation in Pro racism is not the same thing as being pro-slavery these are the semantics.
Of what happens when there is a war between ideals and ideas and we are at the very beginning of one.
Where the new idea.
So why don't you miss understood through campaigns of misinformation.
And demonizing fear-mongering against it the people oversimplify it realizing that decentralisation is not limited to financial means of Exchange.
The decentralization just like open source which is always made ideas grow which is the same principle behind a natural Forest it is a law of nature.
Decentralisation open source all of these things are modern ways.
Of Chaos.
Creating new order.
Sherwood evolution of Ethics is ethical evolution.
Makes ideals the bad guy.
But we have to respect the ideas for where they took us.
Does this mean that they are 100% wrong.
That's always going to be up for debate.
There's always going to be people who want to regress back to the way things were to make ideals great again.
But it's limiting to believe that ideals are the only way good ideas can spread.
This is not true.
And we are challenged with this when we meet.
Two warring ideals.
The understand.
How similar they are in essence and he'll only.
The face level details are different but they feel so drastically and reality-bending universe shatteringly different to each of the individuals.
In the different but same ideals this happens time and time again.
And this is the time when we must ask ourselves not.
What if decentralisation succeeds.
Because it is anti fragile in nature it is going to succeed whether or not I wanted to whether or not we want it to whether or not any of the most powerful organizations in the world try and stop it.
Just as we cannot stop.
Nature from running its course.
Just as a person has no influence over people.
They can have an illusion of influence but it is a fragile contract subject to breaking when introduced to the element of time.
The most important element that we ignore.
We have such a poor poor relationship with time.
And we live in a society which is.
Constructed around a linear progression of time the things that go up have to keep going up.
And it is delusional to think that they have to come down.
Just as it is delusional.
For somebody with a bipolar disorder a bipolar way of looking at the world.
A different mind.
To become delusional when they think just because they're going up that they're going to keep going up.
The laws of nature say otherwise and they must come crashing down equal to and greater than how far up they were.
This is not the laws of the Bipolar brain this is the laws.
Nature.
And we trying to find them with our hubris that we can control a constructed reality not unlike somebody with a Bipolar brain trying to construct a manic reality to keep from coming down.
This is the same thing with centralized ideals.
Be ideal that there is no other way as good is delusional.
Not only are there other ways just as good there are ways that have not been thought of that are better.
And everyone working on decentralisation now just not have that better idea.
The infrastructure of decentralization will incubate those ideas and they will happen.
Not because we make them not because we're creating the infrastructure.
But because we've let go of the way that has brought us here.
But it's time is ending the tides are turning.
And just as the sun will rise and she'll surely set and just as the tide shall rise they shall surely go down.
This is an inevitable law of nature.
And the hubris of man.
Is Patty against it.
Decentralization is not an ideal.
It is the existence of an infrastructure that is void of a singular ideal but also tolerable to all ideas that ideals are based on.
This Creed's of paradoxical.
Opportunity.
For growth and ideas of capitalism.
A social societies.
Where they can live in harmony that cannot exist in centralized organization.
And for years I considered this delusion.
Until I understood.
No matter how much I believed.
We could figure out a way to control this and well bickering with.
Different ideals of how to control it.
I realize that none of us were right.
But none of us were completely wrong either.
And this creates an amazing opportunity.
For human unity in a way that is not defined by nation that is not defined by border that is not defined by your geographic location that organ organization can happen globally and in ways that improve.
Can innovate on every single idea that we've had so far but has been limited with an ideal to put silos around.
These great ideas that have been leveled up.
And it is our own hubris our own bias that tells us just because something has work this long.
The we can figure out a way to make it work better sometimes we have to let go we can't hold on to the Future in the past at the same time.
Because it only takes him header of time until we're torn apart.
Until our Duality is so much.
The depending on what we are talking about we make our other dualistic self a liar.
We live a life of contradiction and ignore we prevent ourselves from listening to ideas that threaten the existence of an ideal that we love and miss feeling cannot be ignored it has to be accepted we love it we appreciate what it did but it is time to grow up from it is time to move on it is time to level up all the ideals.
But having a rebirth of these ideals bring them back to the idea read to find them.
The control can be let go of.
This is the idea of.
Every single ancient civilization.
From the teachings of Jesus Christ from the teachings of Marcus Aurelius from the teachings of Buddha to the teachings of the yogis every civilization.
That has a system of belief whether they be State religious or other.
Based on these core ideas.
The only get different in the finer details of how to explain them.
This means we all have an opportunity to be more right.
If we can tolerate the idea.
But that way to be more rate requires listening.
To the idea.
Of an ideal.
That was in direct conflict with the validity of RI ideal that we were raised in that we chose.
Everything is a choice.
Whether or not it is a choice to keep living in ideal that you were born into or to convert to an ideal whether that means joining a church or moving to a new country.
Adopting a.
Economic school of thought.
It means what if we can do better.
It's not can we do better than Buddha or Jesus Christ or.
Any of these things it's.
We put certain people on pedestals like.
Which Steve Jobs like Elon Musk like Jeff Bezos.
Like Alan Turing.
Like Albert Einstein.
Stephen Hawking like Neil deGrasse Tyson.
What the founding fathers of the American Constitution.
Are we incapable.
I'm doing what these great minds do does something make them inherently different than us.
Other than their choices.
Are we not capable of the same choices.
Are we not the ones that limit us ourselves from thinking.
The we cannot figure out how to create our own environment to be able to make the same choices as those individuals.
Or we can soon by a fear we didn't even know was there the Keeps Us.
From creating an environment from finding the people to have in that environment to incubate the ideas that are not limited to Thomas Jefferson to John Adams 2.
Benjamin Franklin to George Washington different minds of different fortitude's in different ways of thinking.
Team together despite their differences despite their radical differences.
Someone like her and.
Jefferson.
Adams and.
Franklin would drastically different worldviews drastically different biases and ideals were able to listen despite the uncomfortable feelings that they experienced to follow to find a middle ground of their time.
What is keeping us from doing this from every ideal that exist today obligation guilt shame fear lots of things fear of being wrong fear of those who loved us and taught us and what would they think if we accept that there's a better way do we make them wrong what if they're dead didn't they don't get to argue it doesn't matter whether or not they know or didn't know that they are now wrong because time cares not about our choices.
Time is the only thing.
They can force our hand with our choices other than ourselves.
Decentralization.
It's happening.
I realize that there is no way to resistant resisted gains momentum despite opposition.
Just as a muscle when it is opposed it becomes stronger.
And it is only a matter of time before pushing that Boulder.
Let either the boulder moves.
Or the boulder break sauce.
And the only thing that can make that Boulder break us.
As if we.
Become so obsessed with an idea that we could move a boulder.
So we don't do anything else until we die.
Trying to push that Boulder.
This is what happens when an idea turns into an ideal when we are not able to question yes pushing this Boulder has made me stronger.
But unless I leave there is nothing I can do and letting go of that telling the story of defeat.
But having the evidence that you got stronger.
Make somebody question.
Show me what you did because they too want to get stronger and you show them what they did what you did.
And they keep doing it.
They don't have the ideal to move the boulder but they keep doing it and they get stronger and then one day they come back to you and they are just as strong and they say let us join together to push this Boulder and see what happens.
And your expectations are shattered realizing that Letting Go was exactly what you needed to overcome that obstacle there is no difference.
Between that analogy.
In every single dying ideal on this Earth today.
There is a better way.
But until we find it we have to work together to push that Boulder.
An interesting Lee enough even if we all stopped that Boulder stays there decentralisation cannot be deleted it cannot be censored it cannot be stopped.
Because decentralisation is not the boulder.
It is our strength.
And it only gets stronger with opposition.
Decentralization does not need you to join it.
But eventually everyone will be a part of it whether or not they choose to or not.
This is the inevitable nature.
Of nature.


