https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Industrialism-vs-Socialism-e39rci

So.
This is an episode that I think I've.
Attempted a few times now.
I think it's about time I get this one in.
As concise and precise a manner as I can to do it justice this episode I'm going to.
Talk about.
Capitalism industrialism socialism communism and absolutism in the relationship that they have with each other.
In a way that came about from a conversation that I had with a close friend that.
Took place over a year and.
I call this the.
Capitalist vs. socialist debates.
And what I realized is it came down to.
A deep understanding.
When it's stopped being a debate about who was right.
And we started to realize how we reach not wrong.
Because we were each afraid of tyranny.
We had just learned to Define it differently with their ideologies and this was something that really took me by surprise and this started to hit me about month 9 or 10 of these pretty much weekly conversations that lasted anywhere from 20 minutes to several hours took a long time for me to let go of you know.
I have the absolute belief that I was actually right as a capitalist and for him to let go of his absolute belief that he was absolutely right as a communist and we came to what felt like a universe shattering understanding that we were both fearful of Communism and we both had broken trust but we had broken trust in two different systems and I learned that my socialist friend and not have broken trust in capitalism as much as he did something else and I did not have broken trust in government as much as I did something else.
And that's something else for both of us.
Was abuse of power abuse of control.
Into very very industrialized sectors of the world the private sector in the public sector.
In through these conversations I've been exploring Solutions the past couple of years this is where I've explored other thought such as personal property instead of the black and white of private property in public property.
The new philosophy has sprung forth through this that was wholly unexpected and has led me to a deeper understanding and empathy for an ism that is undoubtedly hard to explain.
How capitalist can have empathy for a socialist and even see a way for us to find a mutual understanding through what is still magic to most through technology in a way that is not only probable.
But from my extensive research.
Is currently inevitable.
The only matter of how long is how much attention these ideas can gain.
I'm not going to talk about the ideas of what next if you want to look into those you can check out my Niche and education with the Library of Alexandria project is lbry of Alexandria. Org.
And.
What's what's happened to wear.
I had my mind expanded not in some sort of woke way but definitely expanded through empathy and compassion in a way that.
I forgot to put it as a capitalist I see opportunity not necessarily as much opportunity to make money but opportunity to make allies in the fight for free market economics.
And a way to bring in an entire generation.
Of young socialist that still like things that are produced by capitalism.
So let's clear up what the difference is between capitalism and Industrial ism.
But first let's start with some inconvenient truths that I had to face.
Startups.
Churches.
Nonprofits what do all of these things have in common.
Social impact functionality.
Not necessarily do all startups have that social impact narrative where what they're going for is you know positive social impact so let's start there how does a start-up inherently have social impact.
Let's be very clear if nobody's working for a paycheck right off the bat that's socialism.
This is something that wasn't very clear to me when I wanted Sound business models I didn't understand Venture funding I didn't understand the Venture model of things I didn't understand startups I saw them as wildly irresponsible.
Even though you know I'm in the millennial genre I should have no reason not to love startups but let's let's admit the Inconvenient Truth is capless startups are using socialism to start a capitalist organization until it becomes sustainable.
To go from socialist to capitalist.
This is also a parent and how.
You know churches and service and nonprofit they use social impact to justify essentially a non-profit version of socialism and it's pretty much flipped on its head with the goal to become for profit with a start-up to become a company and this is not important to justify socialism but just to establish the Baseline that there is some type of socialism that works just as much as you know any sort of church isn't quite socialism as long as they're not being a government of an area like that school like that's all in well like more power to that type of socialism and I think every capital is can agree that socialism in the hands of government can get dangerous real quick.
But let's let's look at the argument of socialist that want socialism and government why is that well they often point to capitalism is the problem music contrarian when I eventually found out one side you know argued otherwise for about 9 months.
Is that.
Industrialism is not the same thing as capitalism I would call it many things crony capitalism big business corporate conglomerates but at the end of the day.
Industrialism.
Is Corporate conglomerates it is a monopoly that is the goal of industrialism this is what Rockefeller said back in the day is you know competition is sin he was one of the defining moments of modern industrialism in the world's Second Industrial Revolution America's first and it was baked into the core you know he is a fundamentalist Christian not that all Christians are fundamentalist but he was a fundamentalist Christian he said that you know monopolies aligned with his ideology it's not to say that you know all monopolies are religious that don't misunderstand me because that is not so but it is a very fundamental belief this Monopoly that we are absolutely right.
And anything that competes with us is a sin that is at the heart of industrialism which is really hard to compute as a capless for me because you know the industrial method gets things out in a very efficient method very cost-effective method but.
To what cost we obviously see the benefit of letting go of socialism for capitalism to go from a start-up to a company.
Images hard especially for people who prefer the fundamental business models like I did to even see the benefit of startups but we don't really have that same sort of trade-off option for one company needs to industrialize their processes Streamliner processes prepare for growth.
So there's an invisible line that's crossed that goes from capitalism to industrialism the we haven't really defined in a way that.
Really people know about.
And I've I've been researching this for about a year in the closest line that I can see crossed to go from capitalism to industrialism is an IPO like I'm not really seeing anything else because let's be clear you know industrialize production can be used in socialism it can be using capitalism can be using communism it can be used in industrial it's at the lines are very blurry but that's a tool that mass production is a tool digital production is a tool you know these are different types of mass production whether it's a physical copy or a digital copy these are all types of industrialized mass production so industrialized mass production doesn't mean industrialism.
And there's really no clear-cut line to cross to go from capitalism to industrialism so I understand why this is going to be just as confusing for other people as it was for me that it took me nine months to think outside of my own thought processes to have empathy not to convert to become a socialist just to.
Try and Bridge divide because man like I feel like we are weakened as a world one have a socialist and have his cabless and then the other half doesn't know what the crap to believe in him I know that doesn't add up but that's kind of a paradox it feels like we live in and I started to realize really the only line I can identify is an IPO when a company goes public.
And I've researched this some more you know the how we're actually not really clear on what actual public property is where if there are states rights for public property it's not actually public property if there's not public open access for public property then it's not really public property and I'm not going to go into the politics of that too much because that's a whole you know Pandora's Box and itself but if you want to explore this some more you can check this out in my library of Consciousness check out my. Library of Consciousness. Com that's Library spelled normally.
And it's.
Stephanie some very confusing times we live in and the more clarity I get on it the less confusing it becomes and I realize no matter how much I know it's still going to sound confusing to those who don't know what is needed to know to Peak the Curiosity to motivate self-education on.
Afford to you know the spell confusion cuz once confusion sets in at that point I said we only have the ability to neutralize it and try again so I apologize if this is more confusing than curiosity peaking at this point.
Although I do stand as a living witness of that you can talk to a socialist for year and not come out the other end more pissed off and come out the other end with more empathy than you ever thought imaginable without converting.
I found this really really interesting and I realize more and more of the things about industrial tyranny monopolies you know.
Getting government the tools of Industry whether it's communism Socialism or a democracy is a very very dangerous thing and that's something I know I can compute as a capitalist so realizing that we need to do a better job defining the lines of socialism and capitalism because of if there is blurry but they can provide good results like a startup or church or you know.
Any sort of nonprofit that does real good.
Then.
We can also accept the fact that you know if socialism when it has a lot of power can do a lot of bad that we need to do a better job to finding the lines of how to get that control away from any sort of you know.
Mega organization whether it's big government or big business the fact of the matter is.
I can guarantee you if your capless listening to this thinking I don't know well I can guarantee you that no socialist wants Stalin or Hitler.
And if you think they do you are sorely mistaken and this is something that I was sorely mistaken about I thought they were just too dumb to see they're not they're not too dumb I mean the fact of the matter is is most of these socialists have learned about this in ways that it isn't taught in schools when they learned it it may be taught in schools now that's debatable but the fact of the matter is is any socialist over the age of twenty-five was not taught this in school so let's be very clear about this is if you mean a socialist that's over the age of 30 35 they learn this through self-education and we owe it to ourselves as fellow humans to ask their why.
And not to believe that they don't know themselves better than we know them but just keep in mind that you know maybe you're like me and maybe you jumped to some assumptions and believe that they were just too stupid.
To know the difference between socialism and Hitler and Stalin and Lenin.
But I realized that I was conditioned to not listen to anything that was different I was conditioned to not listen to anything that wasn't easy to get Annie.
A checklist format when it comes to mind expanding stuff raising awareness it's it's not about converting it's not listening Beyond when it's comfortable cuz the fact of the matter is is I seen math is very very useful now but when I was a kid in school I did not want to listen to the math teacher I did not see how it would be useful to me and you know what that eventually became self-limiting because by Middle School I kind of gave up on math and I never passed pre-algebra up until the day I was done with compulsory schooling and now I have relearned much of math and taking it further because I realized I chose to stop listening I chose to believe I knew enough.
And as it so happens I probably would have if I had done anything that you know I probably wouldn't I would be totally content to do if I wasn't a capitalist so I'm realizing I need to relearn to listen.
And that happened to be on math and you know what that was pretty dumb of me to want to stop listening on meth but when it comes down to it.
We're not doing a very good job listening anymore as a Humanity as a human race.
And there's a reason why Google and apple and Tesla and Facebook and all these companies no longer require college degrees to get hired especially for management positions in leadership positions or lacking in human communication skills and at the root of all human communication is there a bility to listen.
In the sign of a bad listener and I can attest to this because I fell victim to it I still felt fall victim to it but at least now I'm trying to constantly work on realizing that.
If something is uncomfortable to listen to.
I should have listened to it because.
I want to I should listen to it because if I don't want to listen to something that's a sign of being a bad listener cuz it doesn't matter if we know better.
Because that person that is communicating with us it's a real person and they deserve our attention long enough to be heard and I can guarantee you they're not going to listen to your points which you will have good points to share.
After.
These feel like you listen to them and you don't get to decide.
When they feel listen to you don't get to decide when you know what they know because it doesn't even matter if you do it only matters if they believe that you've listened to them.
And it took me nine months to get through the same conversation.
Until I stopped trying to fix the problem and somebody else is thinking and just started to listen.
And I realize.
But the problem wasn't there's the problem was shared neither one of us really listening and I don't remember who listen first.
All I remember is is.
When I first chose to listen so did they.
And now we have a more open mind.
Brighter future with more hope than I could have ever imagined.
Letting myself believe I should just absolutely hate socialists and everything they stand for.
Doesn't doesn't mean that I need to become a socialist it doesn't mean that they're right but I have learned that they're not wrong.
That's a hard one to compute but absolutism you know it it corrupts right and wrong to wear not right not wrong don't really count unless you have absolute right absolute wrong you don't want to listen to anything incremental the fact of the matter is incremental Improvement is exactly what Innovation is if we're going to innovate our way back to free market systems back to you know stable economic practices back to you know free Commerce you know if we're going to innovate you know past this you no desire for State control or communist control to figure out something better.
We have to start with incremental progress we have to realize we can't know what's absolutely best.
If we don't even talk about what's next if we can't even take a risk on what's next.
Cuz you never actually know anything other than what's next anything past the immediate what next is all speculation whether it's two choices down or 20 choices down it's all speculation you can actually know until you make that next move with the move after that can actually be.
Images something I missed practicing absolutism.
And this I know is something that is so crazy that if I had heard myself a couple of years ago I would have given some intelligent argument like you know what you're full of shit like socialism and communism as you know caused the fall of every city have that had a chance of success of the bath hundred fifty years ago but I could also argue that you know sanctions have led to the collapse of.
Every single socialist state in the past hundred fifty years doesn't mean that I'm recommending socialism for government structures all I'm saying is that there's a war between industrialism and socialism and communism that.
I wasn't aware of until I started expanding my awareness and seeing who the real adversaries on the board were.
And now I'm no longer busy arguing my potential allies.
And I'm creating alliances.
That.
I don't think myself two years ago would believe me if I talked about them so I'm not going to talk about them.
Turn on this podcast all I can say is.
It was worth it to go through those maddening conversations trying to convert a socialist to realize that it wasn't a zero-sum me converter they convert.
Something bigger than I ever imagined it came from it and all I'm saying is what I'm talking about isn't right but it sure as hell is not wrong.
