https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Love--is-NotWrong-e2r7q2

Have you ever heard of religion ISM I had an either that's why I came up with the word that is very sparsely used from what I can tell from a.
Throw dive on the history of the word in history in.
Psp internet.
Religionism.
Is.
A word they can hopefully help people overcome the anxiety attached to words that poorly describe certain metal and states that are very common.
And.
Have to address with the existing.
Verbiage that is needed to properly explain the state of mind that is attributed to these terms.
The terms that religionism is.
Set to expound upon are the nuances of Colt mindsets Colts as we know them are by definition small organized groups that follow a strict Dogma usually to enforce radical ideals of fundamentalism violence or in all of these are usually not.
All included in a cult-like ideal but anything from radical anything to fundamental anything too violent anything related to oppressive or suppression of.
Extreme self-control type methods and Colts do not have to be.
Including all of these or even a majority it could be any one of them could be at the heart of a cold but they always have a specific dogma and organization and they follow a specific cult Doctrine.
You also have the.
Dilemma of ideals and historically ideals have been very helpful to help carry on good ideas through generations ideals are usually articulated in such things as allegories as Play-Doh used or metaphors or Parables these are the storytelling methods to portray an idea that should not be applied to a single literal scenario these are usually principles that are applied across a broad spectrum of scenarios in the the finer details can be distracting from the principal so through history we see.
Ideals being carried through the use of Parables and metaphor such as anything from fairy tales to scripture to.
All sorts of children's story books and myths and legends all of these things carry valuable principle-based knowledge.
In a way that humans like to hear new things which is stories it's very very valuable to portray a very important set of data points in a story especially when they are high concepts of intelligence or high concepts of emotional intelligence weather Encino intellectual intelligence or emotional intelligence or spiritual intelligence these are things that benefit greatly from being told in a story for children and adults alike this is why most people who are familiar with the movie Interstellar this was based on a textbook to help students in PHD programs understand quantum physics and quantum mechanics and Quantum possibilities in physics in this text.
Use the hero's journey to portray these very very high-level intellectual Concepts to some of the smartest physicist in the world because of the time these ideas were so radical the way they married the spiritual with the science that it needed a better way to communicate and be relatable So Stories have been.
An essential building block for higher-level intelligence and intellect and emotional intelligence and spiritual alike they just have a different terminology throughout the times and are used for good and bad things alike so the interesting dilemma that we're running into is.
Almost paradoxical in nature where ideals have been used for both good and bad Colts.
Define the ways new ideals form both good and bad in the eyes of the Romans and Jews of the time of Jesus Christ he was seen as a cult you know Martin Luther King jr. what he was starting in the eyes of many was a cult and in Olden in the eyes of many people like Joseph Smith Racine to have started a cult and their Colts on the preferably bad side as well such as terrorists and others throughout time who have you know it even in small numbers cause great damage.
The interesting phenomenon is that cold seem to be neither good nor bad inherently other than The Narrative of the ideals that they want to bring upon the world in context in the bigger context and that's tough for most people to discern unless they see the big picture and of course like with most coldest ones they believe in their ideal and even in the small form or the large form seeing anything outside of that ideal is very very difficult this is why.
In all the quantum physic book had to be about you know a story to help people listen to it because it was such a radical idea that is now pretty mainstream science mainstream enough that it's Advanced pretty much everyone's knowledge of black holes and to the point where you know we can enjoy a movie based on the textbook essentially and this is how things got this is why you know Plato's allegory of the cave is the same story as the matrix it's just different details if you have different stories for you know same data point sometimes all throughout time very very important stuff needs to be retold and updated so how does this all tie into what religion is MM is who am I to make up a new word who am I to try and get people to want to use.
The new word that probably is upsetting to a lot of people who practice ideas such as religion what religion is them is something that should be a friend to anybody who practices religion because every religion that I've experienced personally or through the stories of others but mostly everything I've experienced personally whether I've been in the religion or I've been you know experiencing at without judgment and trying to set aside my bias long enough to understand that they're not so different and the thing that I see is that.
Every single religion is aware of a cult-like mentality within them and they consider them either the fundamentalists or you know the weird people for a little bit too much of the old stuff for their to traditional that there are many ways to say this I've heard many many different ways to explain this whole like mindset and it's difficult because lots of bigger religions tend to have big stigmas against the word cold so call it culture or folk call it in the reformists OR.
The excommunicated different different ways of explaining this essentially a phenomenon of.
What I am calling religionism we're essentially what we're seeing as Colts 2.0 and ideals 2.0 where they are more the down side of both of those things were it seems that.
You can have colts based on ideals that have no organization or decentralized nature have no clear directive for dog, but just seemed to be the dangerous ideals ranging from different degrees of danger depending on who you're talking to but for me dangerous dangerous dangerous I don't care if you're murdering raping or molesting measuring the severity or the degrees of Badness whether it's those things or you know other types of abuse or verbal abuse or hatred or judgment is measuring degrees of Badness feels a lot like dick measuring but instead of measuring whose is longer people are true.
I need to compete to cut off more of their dicks it just seemed self-destructive in nature is what's the game to see who's worse than you it's it's very very confounding to me and I see this at the root of religion is of which should not have the stigma of Colts or you know dangerous ideology Instead This should be a Segway for people who are aware of the.
Unspoken of growth of ideals that are contrary to any Narrative of Love whether they be traditional or knew we were all aware of it and we don't want to look at this I know I didn't want to look at you know this reality for a long time but when I looked at it close I had to realize that the reason that no one is encouraged to look at this from on tops of their organization's whether it's a political party or you know the right form of government her sports team or a franchise or a large company or Studio or any sort of industrial complex the people who don't want to look at it on the base level when they're at you know the sports fan or the small business owner or the person who doesn't really.
They're independent in nature and are independent of parties or they don't want to subscribe to a right form of it all.
Everything seems to be kind of muddied and they they don't want to look at that because and they're not encouraged to look at that I think that's why they don't want to look at it because they're couraged.
It's at least believe the people at the tops their organization or figuring things out but some of these organizations overlap so it's like you have a corruption in one organization in the only people who can Overlook it unfortunately are also corrupt so it results and nothing in the long term it's like an investigation that kind of disappears or becomes fruitless and this is almost systemic and nature and it really is systemic in nature and it's almost like you have colts denying coltish penis cultures or subsidiaries of their larger organization like they're all trying to save face.
Because maybe they know something we don't that if they were to call out this cult-like nature they lose control.
What if they drew a fine line between these cult-like or dangerous ideals and realize that they were sorely outnumbered.
I think the fear of losing control is not something to be underestimated imagine if somebody asks you to give up full control over your life.
Full control what would the anxiety initially be probably you want to be sure whether or not you know what do they mean that they want you to go out rape intelligence even know I mean it is that what you wanted it if you didn't have.
You know if you were told not to let go of control would you want to do those things.
I think that's a very important but I think the fear that that is inevitable and others is what gives that knee-jerk reaction to losing control if we lose control things will go to help things will become yell.
So chaotic of the world will go to shit League events.
That's a very very pessimistic view of the world that really Echoes insecurities that I know I carried at one time with him and I realize when I dried you share a message of the contrary I realize I was not alone and sharing this in fact the majority of people share this and insane majority share this is different varying degrees but to the extent that everyone seems to have some degree of religion ISM and this is not a bad thing it just is and we need to you know buck up and take care of it.
Really take care of ourselves so that we can let go of the religion ISM that is feasting on the good ideas and the positive beliefs like a cancer.
I see it like a cancer that no one wants to admit is there but when you look at it the same things that I see capital is afraid of in the same things I see socialist afraid of 10 to be big control in the Cannabis don't like the big control of Big Brother Big government.
And the Socialists don't like the big control of the industrialist complexes but what's interesting is is topless don't like the big crony is Business Industrial Titan control like the small and medium business they do not like this and anybody who wants to become you know a big business in an ethical they do not like the big conglomerate like enormous industrial complexes that they don't believe are part of capitalism but a leech on capitalism the same way of a socialist are aware that tyrants are not inherent to socialism the same way unchecked capitalism leads to Industrial Titans and unchecked government leaves to government tyrants.
And yet we still are debating which one of these is best to have more of I think the point is we need to reassess the religion ISM that makes us so afraid from coming to terms with the fact that that much control isn't good on either side and this is terrifying because the natural conclusion as well who do we give control to.
And that's something that takes a lot of self-exploration as the right answer that I have found is right for me in the right answer that other people have found that lead them to agree with my right answer are the same.
Answers they get argued against when people are trying to give the power to control the masses to their preferred ideal we live in a digital Age and information age.
Where we do not need ideas to incubate good ideas we know that good ideas don't need to be enforced unless the enforcement of bad ideas becomes the status quo that is the only time good ideas need to be enforced.
But if you eliminate.
We control required to enforce ideas.
The default.
Is that overtime bad ideas cannot gain the traction they need to become dangerous ideals.
If this were the case.
The entire world would be.
Terrorist or Mormon or Christian or.
No Democrat or Republican or Democratic or any of the right idea would have.
Come forth by now the most powerful won the most correct one would have come forth by now but the fact is is the internet age.
Is not very nice to ideals because it's preferably honest decentralisation which the internet was way more of in the 90s until it had more and more centralized nodes was very very intolerant of religion until it became word centralized nature it was easier to talk about religion there were safe spaces to talk about ideals there were also safe spaces to talk about other dangerous ideal such as terrorism and what not but the fact is ideals were used to Harbor good ideas the Internet by Nature we know that once something is on the internet it can't be deleted that was the role of ideals for thousands of years to make sure that good ideas don't get quote-unquote deleted.
The internet is.
Playing the same role as ideals through history but in itself is void of an idea which means it doesn't play favorites and what it does is it pokes holes and ideals until you get to the core idea and the ideas are the only thing that could be good or bad the Internet only gives power to good ideas and less control and censorship and those things that are inherent to ideals.
Gain more traction that's why the internet is used way more to recruit for things like cold sore terrorist organizations.
More post-2000 and it was pre 2001 it was more decentralized and nature and you had more, but now that there's less competition and more censorship more control more.
Curated safe spaces from upon High.
To protect ideals has created in essence not only a safe space for the good ideals but also the dangerous ideals the internet is becoming more decentralized again with projects such as.
Decentralized Internet not unlike.
Pied Piper Piper net from Silicon Valley and there's a.
Programmer by the name of Mark and the doll working with.
Martti malmi I think is his name and they are creating a decentralized internet unlike anything I've ever seen and there are others that are promoting and touting a decentralized internet but this is truly genius not unlike the same vision I saw in Silicon Valley but in real life and it's offline which blew my mind it's realizing they're taking decentralisation to the point where their decentralizing internet as we know it where it is not you do not access Internet your device is being it's just mind-blowing.
And what is this mean this means that good ideas will no longer need enforcement to survive this means that bad ideas will never gain as much traction as a contrary good idea in Forever a bad idea there is a good idea unless you believe that there are no good people unless you believe that yourself and everyone else is too evil to have a good idea.
If you don't believe that then the hope is in the future.
Realizing that the internet is an incubator for all good ideas it's the evolution of ideals it's the ideal ideal without the imperfections.
Of human definitions and realizing only the good ideas Will Survive overtime and humorous that leads to Corruption of control.
Do not thrive.
And this this is the future we Face a future of Hope a future of understanding.
A future of.
Tolerance of ideas but ideals no longer need to be tolerated.
All ideas can be.
Tolerated for the goodness inherit and them alone.
And there will be no toleration of bad ideas this is what everyone want this is what everyone means when they say that they want something better.
And by looking for the right answer.
We missed the fact.
There is no right answer as long as we're not all the exact same person that there is no absolute brightness.
But you cannot be absolutely correct.
I just as long as people are different there are going to be different ways to live your truth.
And I've only good ideas can survive what does that mean for things that the majority believe are bad ideas.
Such as rape murder violence.
And things can survive like love self-defense.
Charity.
Forgiveness.
Hope.
Trust.
All of these things are paradoxical in nature.
And we we live in a reality of dualism we're Paradox is a bad thing but a paradox is a Bad Thing Than Love Is A Bad Thing hope is a bad thing.
Because without rest there give me no hope.
Without risk there can be no love.
Everything is that is good is paradoxical it takes risk and takes a risk that there is no absolute right way to get to love that there is no absolute right way to get to hope that there is no absolute right way.
To get to the Future.
But if you want to believe in love and trust and good ideas we have to admit that these things are paradoxical in nature.
And dualism does not support.
Anything that's paradoxical that's why it feels like there's less love that's why there feels like there's less hope that's why there feels like there's less understanding that's why it feels like no one will listen but everyone wants to be heard.
We need to let go of what we've been told is the right reality.
And explore the paradoxical Nature's of love compassion and understanding and realize that the ideas that were trapped inside ideals across the world and across cultures and across nations are now available so we can explore the ideas and find the practices that work right for us if our ideals do not work perfectly for us figure out your own perfect realize that if you can fail up failure is a part of perfection being wrong is a part of perfection making mistakes is a part of perfection the definition of perfection.
There anything that is wrong a mistake or bad is not part of perfection is a duelist reality.
When in reality Perfection is paradoxical.
You can fail your way to success.
Can you can succeed your way to failure.
This is evident.
In the likes of.
Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla.
Ask yourself which one was in a paradoxical frame of mind and which one was in the dualistic frame of mind.
Things have been going on for much longer than we realize the conspiracy theorist have hinted at it but so many of them focused on messages of negativity and fear Monger did they sound just like the people that they're bitching against.
Do not listen to divisiveness.
What this means is do not listen to the narratives of divisiveness listen to their ideas.
But do not believe them until you listen to not only who they say they are wrong not only who they say they are right but more importantly who they don't even want to acknowledge.
Who is it.
That both the good in the bad don't acknowledge.
Is esoteric information.
At the heart of those in power and in control.
Where is esoteric information.
The heart of the paradoxical.
Understanding of life that.
Has been hidden from us not unlike how Nikola Tesla did not become a talking point.
Until almost a hundred maybe even I don't know the exact time from but Leggett hundred years after his death I think well over a hundred years after his death we care about Tesla when he was doing things out of love and understanding in the benefit of mankind he wanted he had the tools for free energy these things have been going on for a long time and for a long time I had no idea who he was other than an assistant of Thomas Edison.
At that point you start to make a connection that it's not about who's right or wrong.
But who has sell a little intention.
Given to them the we don't think twice about Not Giving attention to them who do you know the least about what ideas do you know the least about what ask yourself who are the sources of ideas and then ask yourself.
What do I know about the source and explore any source that you feel like.
You know less than.
Then you do love.
Thomas Edison.
Because I can guarantee I didn't know much about Thomas Edison but I know a lot more than I did about Nikola Tesla.
That wasn't even that he was bad.
It's that he was a side-note almost.
A joke to look into it was almost too ridiculous to contemplate that he could have been more right than the main Narrative of electricity.
And then I started to say what else could I have been wrong about who else could I have believed a narrative about and no truly nothing about and I dug deep for these things I scoured the earth I scoured the planet I scoured the entirety of Gaia.
To find the answers hidden within realizing.
That the evolution of such things as Gaia to the planet.
The globe.
Have gotten.
To this point where we realize that there are certain inherent principles.
The people have known about throughout the ages goodness love.
Strength from within some governance these are principles that have been echoed throughout time.
A spiritual leaders such as Jesus Christ and Buddha.
Buy intellectual think fingers.
Such as Marcus Aurelius and Martin Luther King jr..
An emotional leaders.
Such as.
Nellie Bly.
An Alan Watts.
We've seen these all throughout time.
What is the answers.
There were.
Esoteric in the times of Gaia esoteric in the times of this planet esoteric in the times of this globe.
Are the ones that have the least attention paid to them not the good guys not the bad guys but if you understand the principles of the attention economy that.
Is inherent to anyone who.
Knows how to.
Game Power and money from things such as technology or anything with a screen the attention economy is so powerful it's why stories existence wife stories Thrive through time it's why Hollywood made so much money from movies and stories it's my books Maids were the hot thing until movies and that it's why storytelling exist today and it's why the attention economy is stronger than ever in screens.
And ask yourself who has the least of your attention keep seeking for the ideas head in.
In messages of love.
The other people are saying things not unlike don't trust them trust me I like them because of this ad hominem attack on their way of thinking or they're crazy or they're in witchcraft or whatever it is it's realizing that these were the same excuses.
Used demonized things such as mental health or people of other races these are the same excuses that they were satanic and nature they were not to say that.
The band has become the good in the good has become the bad it's realizing that what we know is bad.
Is a scarecrow tactic from what they're really afraid that we'll find deeper messages of love live carried on through time.
That are not necessarily apparent in the mainstream messages of love for the mainstream messages of evil but the ones that are almost so dismissed that we don't even think twice about them we don't even think twice about looking into them.
And then then do we find.
The phrases such as you can't handle the truth.
We don't have to be told that to believe it because of the truth.
Such things as love and peace and honesty.
Are hidden in places where.
Our attention.
It's not invested because we're distracted by what's good and bad.
We won't find this deeper understanding that.
Seems to be so rare to find.
That we don't let ourselves listen long enough.
To be wrong about something.
That makes us.
Feel uncomfortable because we're terrified of being wrong but what if we let go of those years of knowing more realizing that Jesus taught a gospel of knossos which is.
How to know your spiritual truth.
This is the same gnosis the Buddha taught that Marcus Aurelius taught with stoicism this is the same gnosis any spiritual leader that is promoted.
We'll talk about this gnosis the know your spiritual truth.
So why.
Is there ever fear to listen long enough to hear something incompletion we dismiss things before their Complete because we come to a conclusion that we can know everything that they know.
But I know.
The high believe this for a very long time and that I when I set aside those biases to dismiss even listening more to people that I didn't want to believe in I was creating a divided I was creating me and the others that I know more than them and they aren't worth my time to listen.
How are we going over going to have a world of love and compassion and understanding and listening.
The digital age if we can't listen to things that make us feel uncomfortable.
Because they're different.
We can't trust feelings of evil.
When we know just 50 years ago feelings of evil or what made people whisper about cancer but when they started talking about this evil they had more answers and more solutions.
These feelings of something being evil are the same things that kept people.
From wanting to talk to people of a different skin color in talking through this evil helped us realize that we were wrong about this evil.
Anyone telling you.
That was hurting something is evil.
Has something to hide no matter their message of Truth or love anyone who promotes truth or love should not tell you to blind yourself from listening to another human being.
Because you will not magically be converted.
Two Evil by listening to it this is a delusion.
Even people that are delusional are more likely to let go of their delusion if first you listen to them and you make sure that they feel heard.
And make sure they get out everything they need to get out.
If we can't set aside our fear of what we believe is evil how are we ever going to start listening to each other more how are we ever going to start loving each other more if we believe that our way is more right than everyone else's.
We need to First listen and be open.
To the ideas of others and realize that we don't have to convert to learn that their ideas will not completely right for us hold that sliver of missing true that we needed to make our ideas.
Even better.
To make our ideals work I found this not by.
Converting to all the religions not by converting to what is called conspiracy theory not by converting to others delusions by by genuinely listening setting my biases I'd even when it is most difficult especially when it is most difficult and what I found.
Is it often will they are not absolutely right interesting Lee enough most of them are not wrong in the ones that are after listening to them sharing with them what you know doesn't convert them but leads them to convert themselves to knowing more in that may look different than us.
But it's not wrong.
Please share this message with anyone.
That is ready to hear it like you are.
Use the hashtag not wrong share this message of hope and love realize that we have the power to tear down the divides in our.
Sphere of reality our sphere of influence our sphere of relationships we have the ability to tear these down in the more we share these messages of love to listen to people to find out what's not wrong to set aside our ego.
Did our desire to be absolutely right long enough to listen out of compassion and love and empathy not sympathy and pity in judgment.
But doing the hard thing to listen in a society where it's easier to create a bubble around ourselves and blame everyone else for popping it.
This is not how we build loving trusting honest communities this is how we build our individual walls.
To block out those that we love and blame it on them.
Because we don't even realize we're setting up these walls when we're so used to it we don't even know where they come from so we assumed when they happen that it's the fault of the other because our ego doesn't let us believe that we are the one constructing these barriers.
And oftentimes we are the ones then imprison ourselves we see what others do that makes them stronger and we memorize that piece of armor that we we will hunt have fur selves and before long we've constructed an entire suit of armor in our minds of all the strong acids and we we don't know how to use that in in our time of desperation we whisper to it with fear and breathe life into it out of fear to let it lead the way hey.
And once it.
Cut through our fears.
We realize it doesn't let go of that power that it has embodied our fear.
Play conkers us and we obey these strong attributes that.
We want so much we worship so much and we don't know how to use them and now we breathe life and fear into it and it keeps us in prison in our own mind and realized standing up to this. The hardest thing we will ever do it feels like a mental breakdown if it's an existential crisis it really truly is and it's sad that.
Facing.
The suit of armor that we breathe fear into an is imprisoning us we're told not to face because it feels like an existential crisis which is not a bad thing we believe it's a bad thing because it's been equated to a mental breakdown but it is not it is an Awakening of Our Own Strength.
We find this inner power.
And we.
Strike down the sphere we find her fearlessness by taking a risk to strike down this fear that we don't believe that we can strike down until after we take the risk to try and we don't give up.
And then we realize.
There was no monster inside.
And we reevaluate these pieces be strength on the ground.
And then after this extra Central crisis that Society is labeled as a mental breakdown we can put on this suit of armor.
The Wii.
Feel like we have woken up to for the first said that we are seeing with new eyes and we get to the point when we put on this entire suit of armor and we pick up the sword and it turns into a shield.
You realize the whole time we thought this Shield was a sword and when others come to us.
They say look at you with your strength of armor.
Why do you not have a sword how can you help us move forward we want to follow you because you seem strong you seen well-defended but how can you defend yourself without a sword.
And you remind them in your own words.
Something not unlike.
I do not need a sword.
For they believe that my shield is a sword.
And they will run in fear how do you know they will run in fear.
Because what I have overcome to get here is the only one.
Who would oppose me and others.
And they believe that my shield is a sore just as I believed it.
This.
This is the message of love please share was not wrong in the world.
Let people know.
The the answers of absolute truth they seek are hidden and what's not wrong search for what's not wrong search for hashtag not wrong search for the truth others cannot handle.
Because you can handle the truth if you've made it this far.
Search for you can handle the truth.
Ych tt.com.
Seek out share the messages of Love and Hope.
Anyone.
Could you hope is ready to hear it take that risk to share a message of Love risk rejection so that others can know your personal truth.
Realize that they are not rejecting you they are only rejecting what they are afraid of and leave with them you're hoping your love and they will find their way back to you.
We are not alone.
We are many we are love.
We are connected.
In love and now in technology.
Go forth and share love.
For it is not wrong.


