https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Masculine-vs-Feminine-e2rva9



So today my wife ask me a very self-aware question she asked me what the difference between feminine and masculine men this question came up when I was talking about.
Integrating and what integration has revealed for me and another topic we talked about and professional life of integrating the engineering side of our brain analytical and the creative side the imagination side and the import of integrating feminine and masculine size of our mind came up and she asked me to clarify that and.
What that meant for my personal truth and I think that that is a great topic that I tend to talk a lot of about a lot of things that.
Weren't necessarily explain to me but I learned them and once I eventually had enough of my silos educated on the things that I didn't want to do that would work through mental health practice of the doctor that wasn't just wanting to patch things up but give me the tools to grow Beyond Vicky Eastern Philosophy for Western Centric study very counter conditional but eventually one day it just kind of clicked and started working not unlike a startup you know that start up the will have Venture funding and I'll have you know eventually the moment when they hit that exponential curve and things just start to work.
This is how I've treated my mental health whether or not it was a conscious Choice it was a willing Choice eight new nine years ago I started down a mental health path I would pass that was very unorthodox it did not feel like it was working until it started to work and then I realized I was educated on things that I didn't want to believe and as soon as I believed in them.
All of my silos that were educated and things that I thought were incomplete.
We're actually the principal's I needed to replace the rules that I am so many others learn from watching but not listening ourselves in other people and this is why it's important to integrate the feminine in the masculine I realize for me the integrating the feminine and masculine was that last piece but whether or not you integrate that first or after your educated on all the things you need it doesn't matter that's the turning point if you integrate the feminine and masculine and you don't know the things you need to to you know make it work in the long run you're going to feel like you've been gypped of knowledge in feel like you've been duped the factors as you can still teach yourself these things it's just really hard to address in a more than one.
Silo at a time so it takes a lot of patience it takes a lot of you know question yourself and your reality and things around you to relearn the things that help benefit Harmony between the feminine and masculine or the way I did it which was getting all that knowledge upfront resenting a fact that it wasn't working like following rules and one day. This is the benefit of having a mentor or a guide or a coach or a doctor through this process but it's not to say that you can't do it the other way that's the Paradox of this that it can work the Socratic method or can work the other way around and there is no right way there is only what works and what doesn't work I know that doing this the way where I would integrate the feminine and masculine never worked before I did the things that were counter conditional counterintuitive.
For me so that's why I almost had to be tricked into educating these things by trusting someone else more than myself and then it all kicked in realizing I have been presented with the idea to integrate my feminine and masculine for years.
All through and before the point that I was ready and it clicked the fact is is when it's ready and it clicks.
Is not pertinent to whether or not you need to know what you need to know to cope before or after because what you use to cope is not the same thing as what you need to understand to not rely on rules that let you cope and that was that was the key integrating the feminine and masculine how did this look to me.
Well when they weren't integrated when they were in harmony.
My feminine side made me anxious it made me worried it made me want to text everyone you know.
A hundred times a day or it made me want to respond before I got a response it made me overwhelm people who were in The now it made me push away people who cared because I didn't know how not to be clingy by following its like I had a road map.
That kept taking me to wrong places and instead of questioning the roadmap I would question myself I would question my worth I would question my value I would question my love ability.
And this broke me this broke me so much realizing that my masculine side was was a masculine type of intelligence it was a lot of memorizing data and facts that were not as useful as my creativity which was more rooted in my feminine side and go around cultural norms here for a second.
Sex and feminine masculine feminine masculine do not have anything to do with sexual organs this is how we can have a feminine men that are still straight this is how we can have masculine women butter just tomboys.
And 8 man this is to say that the societal Norms of genitalia.
Is not the same as masculine feminine.
The same way you know.
Being straight and gay is.
Spectrum between two oscillating points it's a U of A spectrum of straight and a spectrum of gay and they revolve around each other and Harmony like two suns that two stars that revolve around each other they require their Revolution and Harmony as much as you know the planets in orbit around them.
And it gets more confusing it gets more complex I won't say confusing cuz that's a perspective I think is quite curious which is a positive form of an O positive alternative of confusion I think is quite curious how to Stars revolving around each other can also have planets that revolve around each other because they create the same sort of.
Order through chaos.
Necessary to have planets in orbit it's dangerous to get closer to them as you can get as close to them as you know Venus mercury in Earth and Mars all the time because they create weird poles that would destroy planets that got too close to either one and this is where you know things like gay and straight are every every every sexual preference is a variation or combination or a combination of variations of straight and gay.
And.
This is what is confusing about certain things like gender which don't have anything to do with sexual preference gender has a lot more to do about sexual orientation how do you.
How do you come to a mental resolve between your sexual organs and your sexual preferences this is the gender Spectrum this is the same thing as there are multiple ways of saying whether or not somebody is smart or dumb some of them are offencive some of them are factual some of them are medically relevant some of there's so many ways to describe the spectrum of smart and dumb.
But there is no absolute right way to be smart or dumb this is the same.
Conundrum we have with gender or sex is an absolute it has to do with matter gender has to do with almost a spiritual side of things where you can convert gender not unlike converting religion and just like there's no absolute right religion because even if people believe that there's an absolute right religion if there was by now.
There would only be one religion so when it comes down to you know a belief there is no absolute that is right for everyone.
Or else there would only be one gender.
Not even to even the fact that most people that believe that gender couldn't be a spectrum still believe there's more than one gender so this this has even evolved over time there was a time when really most people believe that there was only one gender everything else was subhuman.
Compared to this gender and things have changed since then the things are changing again most people don't think that things can change this drastically unless there's a middleman with enough authority to say that things change this is quite common through history and now we've gotten to the point where you know we've talked about sex we've talked about gender and then what is masculine feminine masculine feminine is more to do with our choices gender is not as much about Choice as it is our awareness of how to define choices that make us happy.
Whereas masculine-feminine is our nature it's more personality than it is you know trying to understand the choices we make that lead us to a more fulfilled more happy more joy-filled life more piece filled life nature is understanding ourselves so that we don't try to be something we're not I see this affects every sect of society.
Cultural National political sexual all of them are kind of ignoring not in absolute there are many people talking about the differences between masculine and feminine but obviously this doesn't have as much attention as sex and gender but masculine feminine.
Is wine.
Some people are more inclined to have emotional intelligence come naturally and some of them are more inclined to understand it well enough to teach it but struggle with practicing it this is the nature of humans realizing that my nature is.
Now it's really in harmony with masculine feminine this is not the ideal most people should work to find a natural Harmony between their masculine and feminine self the thing is is because I was lied to follow societal norms and say to myself I need to be masculine if I'm going to get a wife because I am straight I am a white cisgender male that has confidence that is abused by memorize arrogance it'll Eads to entitlements and privileges that I do not capitalize in in a healthy way and calming to terms with my masculine feminine realizing I had a gender role in a racial role in a societal role in an expectation roll to fit in meant that I was leaning more towards one side when my heart.
Money Wars natural.
That is why when I was learning how to be more feminine and embrace the feminine side of myself I realized.
I didn't really take any value from finding Harmony because just believing that it wasn't bad or wrong was enough for my nature to show me that they were in Harmony and I saw this is a huge blessing.
But other people will say is is a natural Talent this is a natural talent that when denied I broke them more human could believe in I had to keep up the facade of fake it till you make it because things would work 6 maybe 3 to 6 months at a time and then I'd have three to six months maybe even more of high just can't do anything I'm worthless I'm love with I'm unlovable I like I am not of any value realizing that there's almost a perfect harmony of arrogance and depression.
Arrogance that lead to depression arrogance that was mistaken as Mania that led to depression I had a natural Harmony that wind is denied I broke when people are like I'll just pull it together and you know that you don't have to know everything you want to do just do something as no one could find a way not to judge me no matter if they were masculine feminine straight gay you know it doesn't matter.
It's realizing that because I was not letting myself believe anything that was expected of my middle-class lots of privilege that I'm very grateful for it's giving me the safety nut I needed to not wind up on the streets are dead.
But I see so many people.
From the middle class or even upper class that are push to.
Death homelessness severe life-destroying addictions.
And that becomes the expectation they have from their entire safety nut this is why when I realized when people were talking about things like white privilege cisgender privilege all of these things I've denied them with Severance that most people would not believe in less you knew me from before.
And then I realized just because they were not absolutely right about me.
Doesn't deny the fact that they are not wrong.
At some level that I didn't want to address but I thought I could explain away.
But in reality.
I was denying my personal Truth for a memorized truth believed by many collectives that I was a part of a national Collective a religious Collective a societal Collective.
A class Collective most of these people were telling me what to do directly but even the expectations in the fear of being a part of them indoctrinated me to believe that that's who I was and I was afraid of it especially the fear-mongering that being a cisgendered white male privilege is a bad thing.
That fueled my resolve to.
Explain in in a fight off Temptations of violence which I had a history of you no fear of becoming violent I wanted nothing more than to get rid of this temptation of anger and violence and negativity.
But the people calling me out on it we're doing nothing more than offending me which is my choice it was definitely my choice.
But there's a better way for us to spread a message of change realizing that.
It's not either or it's not either Malcolm X or Martin Luther King Junior realize they were both speaking the same truth.
But one of their truths.
Was anti fragile nature the other was fragile it attracted a lot of attention.
But it was also not letting go of anger hate frustration it was explained brilliantly Malcolm X as one of the most prolific intelligent speakers I have ever heard and he was not wrong.
But he was short-sighted in the way that Martin Luther King jr. had a vision of hope he had a dream he had a vision.
Even when he was killed this is why people especially the people who needed to change remembered him more than Malcolm X realizing because of the internet and media I know Malcolm X more to understand that he was just as not wrong as Martin Luther King jr. but they were both seen.
Is radical domestic terrorist.
Because Martin Luther King Jr's message of Hope and peace.
Was gaining popularity the natural order of control is to smash the most hope at hopeful and loving and positive message on the plane board because controls idea of Might makes right the extreme masculine says if I stop this everyone else will dissipate but that just builds the resolve extreme masculine is the problem not masculinity just is the way extreme feminist.
Is not the problem is is the problem sorry is the problem compared to feminism this is why.
Throw time there were clear messages.
The right to vote.
Equal opportunity.
These were the clear messages of feminism.
And just as.
Masculinity.
I have had the privilege of not needing to have a revolution.
Extreme masculinity is just as much a problem as extreme feminist.
In this is the natural state of mind to think of that the opposition to extreme masculinity is Extreme feminism this is a natural conclusion.
But the more spiritual loving.
Rational logical conclusion that does not rely on Collective reasoning but reasoning based in love.
Hope.
Vision is how do we find out that masculinity and femininity are not wrong and how do we come to terms with extreme feminism and extreme masculinity are both corruption.
From a desire to fight control with control.
I have a dream that I have heard from many other dreamers who are not accepting that extreme control that can coal is even the answer.
This is the dream I have chosen to believe that and there are many out there and they are not as loud as the ones who are explaining why they should have control Harmony is the key.
I have found a dream that is full of love and Hope.
And I want to tell others about this dream that I have found it is not my dream I do not even know whose dream it is but it is a dream of love it is the dream of hope it reminds me so much of dreamers like Martin Luther King jr. like Nellie Bly like Marcus Aurelius like Buddha like Jesus Christ.
I don't even know whose it is it's echoed and other dreamers there were looking for other dreamers to who think different who think so far out of the mainstream did the mainstream doesn't even pay attention to them they don't even get mentioned they are so far in the fringes they aren't even on the spectrum of good or bad they are the unmentionables.
They are the Forgotten.
They're forgotten good ideas.
Cuz good ideas don't need to be enforced good ideas won't be enforced good ideas need to be nurtured.
This is the value.
Femininity and masculinity.
It's coming in the Harmony and realizing that men who believe that emotional intelligence when talked about with the masculine and The Feminine.
Sounds gay that's a cultural norm.
It's not bad to believe that.
What is the band to act on that believe it's bad to make a choice based on that belief because that belief is a collective reasoning.
But Keeps Us.
I'm embracing emotional intelligence it makes us put feelings on a pedestal and ignore our core emotions feelings are a reaction to an emotion that we have not come to terms with that we have not finished processing that we have not let ourselves process realizing that we can be in morning and experience happiness sadness depression Joy all at once well morning even the death of a loved one because it one moment we are sad that they are gone another we are filled with joy from a memory of a life shared together feelings are reaction based on a perspective that we may not even be aware.
Do we have a choice and changing.
We always have a choice in what we feel.
But when we're so used to reacting to emotions we don't believe.
The feelings have a choice in them we can get to a point where we are no longer reacting with feelings but we react to our feelings.
I Daniel Kahneman talks about him thinking fast and slow feelings like anxiety or once tools to help us understand the sentiment of an important decision now that we are overwhelmed with anxiety and feelings all the time we don't know how to categorize them as good or bad because we don't realize they are neutral.
They are like road signs for us to understand.
Be aware.
But since we are so overloaded with anxieties and feelings we missed the road sign that we need to let go of them all of them even if just temporarily weather that's weeks or months.
The point where we are no longer addicted to living a life that is consumed with feelings and anxieties because feelings and anxieties reacting.
The feelings.
Which are in themselves reactions.
And not even knowing where the choice lies this is how we get addicted without even knowing it this is how we can get addicted to a screen and four and a half billion in the people and people in the world have a worse addiction than heroin with their screen addiction because it's a reaction to addictive tendencies.
So we can get addicted to anything from shopping to arguing to you no selfies to look again selfies to all sorts of things it is an addiction machine.
It makes drug addictions worse it makes social addictions worse that makes eating addictions worse and 50 years from now.
When we figured out a way to integrate our masculine and feminine back to the point where we can have the clarity in the awareness to have grandchildren come up to us and say grandma grandpa was there really a time when people didn't understand how to responsibly use their screens and they didn't know that it was worse than heroin this is a future that we are facing.
But first that means coming to terms.
With the magnitude of our distractions why we can't come to terms and find harmony with masculine and feminine why we can't come to terms with a binary definition system of male or female based on sex.
Cannot be on an infinite Spectrum in a legal system that is only set up to tolerate binary options it's not we don't live in a world with smart legal systems they work on binary levels is the difference between.
An abacus and a computer is the difference between Bitcoin in aetherium.
We don't have Smart governmental systems yet we don't have Smart governance so asking a government to keep track of more than a binary option it almost broke by putting other into the option.
We need to understand that there are solutions outside of our awareness.
These Solutions are hidden behind the things that we are told are good or bad the things that aren't even on our radar dig deep and do everything you've been told is bad because right on the outskirts right on what the bad is saying is not important.
You'll find that the good side is also saying that those things are not important.
Our attention should go to where the book both the good and the bad can unite to say hoe don't pay attention to that.
This is quantum practicality or we look at the big picture where we look.
Past fear with awareness to realize fear is a reactionary feeling.
Let It Go.
Coming to terms with your masculine and feminine sides can really help with this awareness to realize that everyone is wrong.
And there is a way that's more right but everyone who has some ounce of control or power even on a micro-level or they're seeking to gain more power or control for even the vanity of good we may not believe that it's a vanity but if they're seeking control or power in the name of good what good idea needs to be enforced no good idea needs to be enforced the good ideas.
Or not being listened to their on the outskirts they're the ones that the people looking for control desperately don't want you to realize that the power is in your grasp as an individual to find happiness acceptance and fulfillment in your own life so that you can Empower others this.
Is the difference between The Duality complex.
Paradox paradox is where things like love Harmony hope Dreams live.
Paradoxes are not absolutely wrong or bad nor should they be feared we should find Harmony between Paradox and Duality because extreme duality.
Is what leads us to think about.
Gender doesn't exist.
Gender is only defined by sex with binary options everything outside of these two binary options is different in different is bad and masculine and feminine mean to align with sexual organs and anything outside of.
Masculine and feminine social norms is different in different is bad different is not bad different is neutral.
It is our choice to see it as good or bad coming to terms with this help me understand.
But there is no good or bad femininity or masculinity they're only positive and negative choices there only choices that result in positive impact or choices that result in negative impact and in a reactionary State we don't see even or next choice with clarity.
Let alone choices more than our next choice ahead we may have expectations that we find is a lot like trying to be.
Psychic or a prophet or you know seeing the future there is no Crystal Ball but realizing that if something provides Positive Choices in the positive results in the now have a choice provide positive results in the now it may not seem as positive as we needed to be having patients using time as a tool will result in long-term positive outcomes settling for something that results in everything we believe we need in the now will prove throughout time that what we believe we needed in the now was not absolutely correct and it breaks down over time.
This is clear when we have a healthy relationship with understanding.
The dangers of extreme dualism or extreme Paradox in finding Harmony between the two is how you don't sacrifice logic and reason for love Hope and Dreams and how you don't sacrifice love hope dreams Vision Innovation for Extreme Rule following.
This.
This is the world we live in where good can become bad and bad can become good finding Harmony between dualism which defines good and bad in Paradox which house is a turtle Universal principles like love charity kindness.
Integrity honesty trust this is how we don't sacrifice rules that don't lead us to these things but help us to find them in the now.
There is no one way to be masculine or feminine realizing that my masculine side is where my confidence lies.
But not knowing how to find that.
I left it up to.
My feminine side to Define it for me because that was my empathetic side that was a side that help me listen and when I listen to other people how they had confidence.
The explanations they gave me as intellectual and as brilliant as they were I realize now we're not based on emotional intelligence because it is such a rare knowledge and skill set.
To know about let alone practice that I realized I was asking people that didn't know how to answer an anyway other than intelligently and this requires an emotionally intelligent answer not an intellectually intelligent answer.
Most emotional intelligence.
Understand the difference between feelings and emotions intelligence Based on data facts and Rules Season no difference so when I was asking people around me to explain.
How I can have confidence.
I was told classic things such as fake it till you make it which is actually not wrong.
It is incomplete absolutely it is absolutely incomplete.
I found many ways that have innovated on it all in the realm of emotional intelligence.
And this helped me realize that my confidence was feigned and was arrogance when tested.
I'm coming to terms with this made me realize I had no idea how to be confident so I started learning and.
Emotional intelligence brings Harmony to database intelligence to move us from being human computers to being intelligent human being funny Harmony between emotional intelligence.
And database intelligence is a process I like to call spiritual intelligence self-awareness wisdom line and spiritual intelligence finding Harmony between data-based intelligence and emotional based intelligence the spiritual wisdom that has nothing to do with an Orthodoxy or Dogma bees are ancient spiritual ideas that overtime have been incubated and things like churches and religions.
But good ideas don't need to be enforced so the only thing that churches or religions have been forced overtime or bad ideas.
To the point where most good ideas are so silent.
But they are lost in what eventually becomes Doctrine or Dogma or culture.
Masculine and feminine has nothing to do with sexual organs it has nothing to do with sexual preference it has to do with your ability to love your ability to be loved.
Your ability to listen your ability to get people to listen to you.
Your desire for attention.
Your ability to gain attention.
All of these things lie in emotional intelligence.
And there is no data or skill set that is more valuable to this world.
That an emerging market.
To remind hyper-intellectual world.
We are human.


