https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Mental-Illness-vs-Crazy-People-e2hbsl




What are the hardest things about.
Being diagnosed with a mental illness before I had any reason to.
Understand what a stigma was or really enough people in my life besides my parents to understand that there was any other way to think about mental illness other than it is something that simply is and it is neither good nor bad and has both good and bad side effects bad side effects are you no commonly known with mental illness the good side effects are commonly unknown where you have a unique perspective on the world which is very very valuable in a world where people more and more are thinking.
The same in there.
Isolated communities.
Massive isolated communities the giant Echo Chambers know what's really really fascinating to me is.
I think that's such a personal fascination with history seeing a shift of mental illness go from first being labeled as crazy and then they cut it up and categorize it in two different forms of mental illness essentially saying to the world these are the underlying illness of what we see as quote-unquote crazy and how they manifest when not treated this was world-changing this happened back in the 1800s it's why modern civilization started treating mental illness has diseases as something medical rather than thinking that it was a curse or a sign of you know possession and that the things that they were doing we're actually worsening.
The individual rather than improving them sometimes it could improve them in fact some of that is all people need to get better is to Simply believe that they're better and that is a very small percentage but still enough to throw a wrench in the plan in history but we're all experimenting to improve the way we treat ourselves and we treat other people and.
When I was young my mother knew to question my behavior long before the internet told her too long before constant communication and being able to peek in on everybody else's lives to say weight is my child not normal or why doesn't my child behave like that or why does my child behave like this when nobody else is does all of these questions are asked at earlier ages than even my mother was able to ask just off of her own information me being a second child having a sibling with mental illness as well lead my mother to start to question things at an even younger age.
Going Through Hell.
Everyone wanting to say it was a TD of the time and then ADHD and OCD and then some people wanted to say it was tourettes my mother knew that was not the case that being a place of personal experience for her she knew to get rid of that option right from the get-go until eventually after an exhausting almost decade-long search by the time I was about 12 or 13 she finally found something that fit better than the rest but still broke down I'd say a majority of the time having gone through at least a dozen medical cocktails over the course of the next decade after the diagnosis of bipolar I switch from bipolar type 1 and type 2 pretty regularly the biggest shift that made me switch was.
Asking myself how can I be more extroverted I saw most of the people that had what I wanted in Life or extroverted and I was naturally introverted so from time to time when I wanted more friends I know it would be easier to do if I was activated.
But even have the time I didn't realize that introverted and extroverted were things I just knew that the people that had more friends and could make friends or more outgoing and it was exhausting for me to be outgoing so I tried and tried and tried and practice until eventually it was no longer exhausting until eventually I could recharge my energy doing extroverted things I didn't have the limitation of believing I was introverted and that I didn't need to be extroverted I simply wanted to be extroverted so I tried to do extroverted things this switched my.
My bipolar from type 1 to type 2 every single time I chose to be more extroverted or stop choosing to be more extroverted this was something that I should not be able to change type 1 and type 2 that much that little will actually I also had rapid cycles that were off the charts for bipolar disorder but still and all the experts in my life.
Said it was bipolar and I kept under that belief.
I'm into pretty much all of my adult life.
Until I started to question things more I started to see the research coming out of nowhere about autism.
So I spent a while looking into the solutions that could apply at a starting up a nonprofit and.
Trying to take different approaches in the world and understanding mental illness I understood the value of people who see the world in a different way and I don't believe that there are very many people who see the world more differently and more logically and more rationally than autistic people in fact they see it so rationally.
But they don't know how to handle the fact that they are absolutely logical and rational as a child in our world is not governed by Logic or rash and it's covered by feelings so they have to learn to communicate with feelings and this makes them break down and take a fit as a child would especially a child that is more wise because of their brain chemistry and how they can come to logical and reasonable explanations naturally in the way not even their parents and their peers and their mentors are teachers this would be insanely infuriating to not understand why nobody else gets what you get so easily because they are governed by their feelings.
This is something that I related to an add a ton of empathy for my research into Solutions in code Solutions and marketing by studying autistic children.
And how they Thrive and digital space in the way neurotypical people do not and figuring out how to reverse engineer would they do naturally in Virtual space neurotypical people break down in digital space especially talking about highly 10 subjects like Politics on social issues religion all of the cultural differences all of these things neurotypical autistic people don't online so how do we reverse engineer with they do great so we can learn how to communicate more like them like they want to communicate more like us offline this was the Endeavor that my nonprofit tuck.
And then the effort I realize that the empathy I had was not anything special in my capacity for empathy but when I started applying the things that we're working for these children my communication improved my honesty improved.
And my self-confidence improved.
In ways that helped me to understand that the assumptions that I had the experts had that my parents had that were working a good percentage of the time we're now working a hundred percent of the time but I was no longer under the guise of an.
Incomplete answer that had to be because other people said it had to be.
Over the past year I've come to understand this about myself and come to understand that our society is not set up to diagnose autism and anything other than children in fact.
The very simple fact that what I'm doing is working now.
Is reason enough for doctors to see no point in at diagnosis.
What kind of imbalance does that create when there is no need for a diagnosis because you have positive results of a diagnosis is only needed when there are negative results.
But apparently the solutions are not the goal the treatment is.
This also creates a disparity of better diagnosis methods that did not exist 25 years ago obviously or else I would have been diagnosed pretty easily with the mother is diligent looking for answers as my own but understanding now that there are a plethora of adults just as many adults that I can see that are high-functioning autistic.
Even though functioning autistic maybe not severely low-functioning but little functioning compared to some of the high functioning and realizing that.
We make up just as much of a pot of just as much of the population as the children do and realizing that this idea that there's a boom and autistic humans is is a false assumption.
Really we have a disparity between children that can be diagnosed in adults who will not be diagnosed.
This creates a lack of Hope.
Not as much for the children the children are going to be fine the children are going to Excel and succeed.
The parents are the ones that see that there are millions of children like there's an almost no adults nobody's pointing this out so they put this together subconsciously they see this is a huge epidemic because why aren't there more adults like that so obviously this is new this is not new.
The autistic people in the past.
Have gone on to be successful average mediocre all even homeless be all sorts ranges you've had the most successful people people of the life-line Stein in Steve Jobs and Benjamin Franklin could very very of these Levin autistic and realizing that most of the average Workforce that was totally okay sitting in a job for 30 years and getting that gold watch and not complaining being hyper productive not having any more ambition but the simple rule following some part of the autistic Spectrum as much as the Visionary World Changers realizing that autism has made up the backbone of society.
By either being The Crazy Ones that changed the world like Steve Jobs Ben Franklin the whore Einstein or realizing that they make up also the backbone of the workforce it just doesn't complain and does what's needed to provide for themselves or family and be a good employee all of these things.
Are Staples of different types of autism and I'm realizing that right now the parents they need more hope they need more hope of people who might think.
But autism is their thing even if they have no proper diagnosis it is totally okay to share your message to give these parents hope that desperately need hope cuz my mother's side for Hope for 18 years.
And she found it and a diagnosis that was.
I'd say on average less than half right.
Where is knowing a proper diagnosis should be a message of Hope hear the tool sets here's the only place you need to look for tools for what will work for your child my mother sought that all through my life in childhood and then an adulthood it took me 10 years to find it on my own because she showed me that I shouldn't settle for the answers that we have today and always look for better answers and that's how I eventually found something that made my life go from less than 50% effective.
100% effective I've done in 6 months.
But I didn't think was possible for me to do in 6 years.
My life is Fast Track in a way that is mind-boggling that my doctors have confirmed is working and is real and I am just blown away and help being wrong can feel so amazing.
I want to share as much help as I can.
Simply because of this story that I've had happened recently.
One of my closest friends.
Father figure a mentor.
A guide a brother.
Someone who.
Has changed my life for the better.
Also painfully was holding me back as we all do for each other.
I learned a way to let go and improve and go beyond what I was once capable of.
And it was so earth-shattering.
To this Brothers reality.
But after over a decade of friendship.
Educating him on mental illness.
But it was a very real thing he grew up.
Thinking that mental illness was synonymous with crazy there for mental illness does not really exist cuz he doesn't see crazy all that often and craziness is fleeting or some boy just full-on crazy that he doesn't really truly know there ain't no remote people in some other part of the world that he will never meet so he can judge individually in part of their life that he is able to see and I realize that he did not want to believe that I was mentally ill because he saw the part of me that wasn't crazy.
But interesting Lee enough.
When I started to understand who I was this part of me that I had been burying because I was terrified that if I was honest about the way my mind worked the way my mind looked at the big picture in the way that baffled most people.
Andrea Lee.
Confuse me because not many people fought like that and the ones who didn't were very judgemental of looking at the big picture most people don't want to believe in anything other than coincidence they don't want to think that things are connected.
Even if they believe in a God where they think God is in everything but somehow the world isn't connected because you know of God is and everything how could something is because it's very very contradicting and what's interesting is as soon as I started to integrate figure out who I was having the confidence that I have been searching for for over two decades for my entire adult life and it all be real and productive.
This was the time when the education that I had given him on the realness of mental illness and I was being honest about my life and my experience backfired on him and he had nothing left but realized that the contradictions of his belief felt like a personal attack and that's when I became crazy to him.
And it was the most painful and heartbreaking thing I've ever gone through.
Because the discovery is my organization is made of.
The differences in how the stigma manifest from 50 years ago a hundred years ago to now.
It's the same it's just different ingredients no longer do we call people who are mentally ill possessed no longer do we call people who are mentally ill crazy with no other terminology to use besides crazy now.
Is anyone who thinks differently than us which is the positive side of mental illness let me.
We attest to that.
Anyone who thinks differently.
And what we are told is right or true.
Is crazy.
How is the world going to improve.
No one is allowed to think different.
The Crazy Ones are often the ones who changed the world.
Efferve Ellen izing anything that's different than us we're never going to do anything but stay in the same spot.
That's great if you think that Society can never Advance pass where we are that's not right if you think we have to improve in society.
That's a very contradicting.
Ideal.
And in the process.
I'm being honest.
I'm sharing my real thoughts coming to terms with the fact that I have been lying to myself and everyone else around me about who I really was what I really thought in the dots that my mind was able to connect my most people's aren't and realizing that being honest would mean I would alienate myself and I had to say to myself the people who love me for me.
Listen.
The people who love me.
For what they want to believe that I am.
And not who I am inside a mic or they will push me away and blame it on me blame me for pushing them away will they tell me unless I change back to what was killing me inside.
They can never accept that I'm anything other but crazy.
And this has been my painful reality realizing that.
Mental illness stigma.
Has not changed over the past 200 years and any other way but a superficial one.
We have not gotten better.
We've only gotten better at hiding it as a society.
This is a painful truth.
What is a reality.
And I have stopped believing that it is a bad thing and started to realize it just is.
And I can't turn it into a better alternative if I'm upset and angry because it's a bad thing it just is it is not their fault it's not our fault it is not the fault of anyone it is the fault of everyone and we all need to take equal responsibility.
So that's what I'm doing I'm done playing the victim.
I'm crazy enough to change the world.
If you want to see more about how we're trying to change the world by Going Back to Basics redefining education in a way.
They can't be used for political gain or control or governmental gain or control or corporate gain or control or Industrial profiteering.
Where to line the pockets of a business owner or a government official.
To create a new more ethical future.
At the core of human rights that we are starting to forget as a human society to reestablish those by saying that we can create something new and alternative completely voluntary.
When it provides good results more people will use it on its Merit alone globally Without Borders without bias.
To who you are where you live what class how much money you make any of those ingredients we can all get the best education through open-source crowdsourcing education in a place a moneyless environment to truly educate and Empower those around us who want to educate make it easier to help those around us in a way that has never been attempted before.
A new internet of Education.
When they can't be corrupted by control whether it's for power or profit.
Shift in human consciousness.
One away from stigma one away from bias one away from negativity.
That's the vision when you see.
Or Mike or team of volunteers.
And everyone else who helped us along the way to volunteer their time effort or money has started to create a really really interesting platform a platform that is not a software it is not a place it is not a thing it is a new way of thinking about how we educate.
Without an ulterior motive in mind.
Domino theory of motive to make profit to indoctrinate to control to influence either with.
Teaching things or choosing what not to teach this will be a truly open-source way so that nobody is left out because they're poor or they're in another country or the color of their skin or the color of their hair or their gender or sex none of these things will go into place.
And I completely.
New way of educating Humanity now and forever in a completely sustainable way.
Utilizing interesting blockchain Technologies helping people know how to use them in a way that they don't have to even think about learning out of there just so easy to use not unlike what Steve Jobs did by turning the computer from an engineering hobby toy to something that we all instinctually know how to use these tools exist.
We're just making them so easy to use you don't have to even realize that you're using a new tool you'll just see that it's completely free in this new decentralized public service.
Decentralize cryptographic algorithms.
The currency list protocol.
Free education for capitalism.
This is the reality that we live in.
Most of us just aren't aware that it even exist yet.
If you want to see more about what we're doing.
An examples.
This protocol list.
Marketing / psychological / mental health / education protocol in action.
I can be anything you want more importantly everything that we need.
Please check out.
Library of Alexandria. Org lbry Library spelled lbry of Alexandria. Org.
You can always find our most important website at the educational darkweb.com right now that points to Library of Alexandria. Org the educational darkweb.com.
Because the only way to remove Darkness from our life.
Is the shine a light on it.
The only thing to make something dark less scary is to illuminate it.
And see what was there but was forgotten or hidden.
So that we can Empower ourselves as individuals families and communities.
In rise out of.
Subjugation.
Slavery.
Indentured servitude.
Mastery to another.
Poverty.
All of these things can be overcome with education.
And even though none of our core team is doing this from monetary return on investment.
We all know that our future needs this whether it's our children or grandchildren.
So that they are not subject.
To the same mistakes we've been making over and over.
Because.
Our return on investment may not be monetary.
But it is very real.
It's an investment and help.
It's an investment and Families.
Is an investment in real education.
Real free education through capitalism not through theft or taxation.
Or to those who can afford it or those who can afford to live in a place where they can get it this is borderless this is global it could extend beyond global.
This is.
Not what a lot of people want.
This is what Humanity needs.
And we are willing to give up.
Control of greeting.
A new system of Education that if we wanted to control it and wanted to profit from it could be worth billions.
But if we remove that aspect that can be worth so much more.
If you want to be a part of this.
They giving your time.
Your services.
Your ideas.
Receiving money.
It's all up to you.
Because the most important thing we need is a tension.
And however people are able to give that we are open to it.
We are already sustainable it's only takes time until it's completed.
So please check this out the educational darkweb.com are officially at Library of Alexandria. Org once again that's lbry spells Library.
Thank you for your time and most importantly your attention.


