https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/NLP-vs-PLP-vs-NLP-e33lts

So I want to talk about anal T I learned something today.
I probably should have learned a long time ago I don't know maybe I'm dumb for just putting this together but I've been researching an LP for about 6 months now in computer science as fascinated with the technology.
Mental health angle I've been researching.
Penalty on both a psychology and communication side of the computer science side for about 6 months and I just got show you calling.
The first one that can learn NLP that when it came across the second one of those are called MLP in computer science I started to notice that the application was different and even though I knew that an opium psychology and communication is neuro-linguistic programming and I knew the NLT and computer science with natural language processing.
Trick whatever reason didn't pay close enough attention and have been for the past 2 months in really frustrated by the fact that neuro-linguistic programming is essentially a tool set for listening to listening side of communication. I believe we have speech side of communication output communication and input communication with the psychology is about listening listening in a way that.
Pretty much.
Breed empathy in the mind that is being programmed to understand neuro-linguistic programming up sympathy a lot of computer science natural language processing doesn't really require any it's been adopted pretty heavily by marketers I know that's where I was first familiar with natural language processing was marketing tools.
In your underarm I noticed right away when setting neuro-linguistic programming all summer. It was made for an audience of one so a user would teach themselves this essentially mental programming language cells with it and they could see the world with a southern thing to have empathy for other people that can be used for a lot of things for therapeutic reasons for self therapeutic reasons with self-help is can be used for treating training guides to help other people become like other people for the sake of employment and email from the self transformational side for self improvement.
But any team computer science is not a language for the mind your language to be pointed at mines so it's only one half of your linguistic programming essentially it's the power of NLP without the discipline needed to use it back to clean and listen what I ran into.
Big African quandaries with marketing was MLP was one side of that marketers with using natural language processing is one side of your linguistic programming and without that self-transformation without that simple see if used for all sorts of things set timer to 4 prong cleansing of putting food on your family's table which isn't necessarily bad.
It's like somebody being told that a gun puts people to sleep.
We're not going to have the African Constitution needed to use it wisely because if they believe that I'm done just put people to sleep.
Not only are they not going to believe that they're hurting people they're going to call anybody that says that they're hurting people crazy this is what I ran into trying to discuss this idea and misses.
This is the motivation behind TLP personal language processing which will be the other side of natural language processing to help bring Harmony and balance to pop and computer science the goal of the key is to not help machine because right in your all the best they can do is memorize data that we give them and believe us when we tell them it's true or false or we are going to be doing with the old he is to.
Which machines to help us listen which just coming down to curiosity based questions in a neutral State Clemson versus variations of asking why I want a small child us afterwards you don't want to stop answering or tiny have an aha moment until I got.
This is what we're going to be teaching machines with PLT is something that already exists in.
Neuro-Linguistic programming we're just transferring that logic that is made to point out a user and after audience the user so the uses of top-10 Transformers themselves and have a more ethical outlook on what is and is not manipulating mouses or manipulating individuals depending on the audience size because just like neuro-linguistic programming starts with an audience of one yourself and then it moves on to an audience of either one or more because first you started you can use it up sternly and nit and computer science doesn't have the self transformation which you know isn't necessarily..
Incomplete and we are looking to complete that with c l t u n l t 2.0 if you want to reach out to me about.
I am currently in the process with my team of mental health had the kitchen speakers learning code told the school that I believe is essential for the process of the future of ethical Computing and computational tools for Humanity Vista computer code to build tool but if anybody wants to come and help out with us anybody who is a theoretical code in building a new logic Frameworks.
Other half of an LP in computer science if you want to be working on that with us please come join us in my library of Consciousness that's Library my library Consciousness project find me in my library Consciousness and reach out to me you can see more about Library of Alexandria. Org or the Educational darkweb.com Library of Alexandria. Org Library spelled lbry please.
Feel free to reach out to a casket any questions, and what we're doing that would be very helpful and much appreciated thank you very much.
