https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Perfect-vs-Perfectionism-e36rfi



Want to talk about perfectionism.
Perfectionism is something that I think I believed affected me more.
I'm in my teenage years and then it did later on in life but really.
My relationship with the word perfect shifted Focus from imperfections.
Are sorry my.
Focus switched from perfectionism to imperfections.
And.
This is something that became more apparent to me when I met my wife and realize that I had gotten really really good at letting go of perfectionism but my idea of perfect was more about addressing in Perfections as bad things I'm which I think we can all relate to especially those that would consider themselves perfectionistic.
But my focus was a lot less on how I was perfect and I was taught in my mid teenage years that there is no way to actually be perfect on an absolute or a personal level and that.
Did it really come with a lesson on you know you're in perfect or imperfect you're like it's just kind of it with a given like you know you're an imperfect being a witch.
Is a relief for some but what's interesting is it makes a lot of sense.
But in the long run it becomes a self detriment mindset because you see imperfections is bad.
But you yourself are imperfect so therefore through cause and effect.
You yourself are a bad person for being an imperfect being that usually this comes with you know some sort of forgiveness path that has to do with constantly working on very subjective imperfections that I was never in Direct Control of defining it was about Conformity and that.
Was something that I truly believe was defined by somebody better than me my definition of God at that time.
But eventually I started to realize a couple years before I met my wife that.
If I wasn't getting these answers directly from God face to face.
Defining them through direct inspiration and revelation of my God.
Then really I'm trusting a chain of trust.
That goes beyond.
Anyone alive today.
To verify on an interpersonal level that you know these things are true and it's it's realizing that it's a deferred trust me and whether or not you know you can relate to this and you practice a deferred trust model whether or not it's religious whether or not it's spiritual whether or not it is enough political in nature or you know even just.
Piano.
Family thing.
I started to realize like I was not defining my reality I had so many good reasons to believe in other people.
And then I realized that I was just.
As in control and out of control as everyone else around me.
And coming to terms with that and made me realize it.
You know we roll perfect in our own personal way.
And.
Imperfections are just a belief.
Their belief like any other delusion any other Vision any other you know.
Idea that doesn't exist.
Pink upbeat inspiration or self detriment.
All of these things are different types of beliefs and I start to realize that you know.
Imperfections don't actually exist they're very absolutely subjective in nature.
And unless we are the one defining our imperfections or giving up a lot of power to other people if those imperfections are about us and I found that more often than not I would contradict myself because I desperately didn't want to have imperfections but because I was judging myself for having imperfections I wasn't able to let go of the imperfections so instead of just judging myself all the time I would judge other people who would refuse to work on their imperfections the way I worked on my imperfections not even if it was just that they refused to work on them at all those are people I would dismiss completely is insane.
But the people who even worked on them differently than me were not just as bad as me but even considerably worse and I saw this demonization of other people's imperfections creating device in my life not just in people I would meet in strangers but close friends and family.
And.
This started to cave in on me after years of this and I realized that I was not alone in this. Everyone around me in my culture was experiencing this tale and then.
I was addressed with the reality with my wife that she was.
Not as obsessed with imperfections as I was as she was more obsessed with perfectionism in that was quite quite astounding to me that you know.
I had known several other perfectionistic people in my life but they also share the hatred for imperfections the self-loathing for imperfections and she had an interesting relationship with imperfections as.
It was a perfectionistic idea of what could be accomplished.
So really the only imperfections in her mind or on a failure to execute which was quite interesting she was much better at doing and taking risks than almost anyone I had met and that was quite interesting because her knowledge was gained on the job so just stay in the areas that she became very very exceedingly talented at.
Ask her to realize more and more than you know.
It's not that you know it's either or you know perfectionism is bad and Imperfections are bad in the concept the concept itself and it's it's not bad because you know it can't be justified to be you know a right thing to believe in it's it's bad because it provides bad results in context in the long run both perfectionism and its counterpart.
Imperfections which is its belief system perfectionism is a cult-like belief and Imperfections are its worship style so to say and it's whether or not they manifest like they do for my wife or for me with perfectionism in imperfection it's all too it's two sides of the same coin perfectionism.
Is one side of the coin and imperfection belief and Imperfections existing is on the other side of the coin where is if you don't have a belief in imperfections.
You are a perfect being that constantly wants to be better.
And I've heard this explained very very intelligently why this is how you know imperfections and you know it's really works in with that and that's the goal no it doesn't work towards the goal it's a distraction it's an over complication of a very simple truth we are perfect beings trying to become more perfect.
Is that simple a device many many Collective reasonings which in themselves or illogical they hold onto a logical Paradox as an absolute belief but it's a paradox it's a it's a rabbit hole that you know this isn't actually provide results it's it's a wrap at all and that they want you to keep changing because imperfections are not a positive Paradox like love and hope they're a very negative Paradox like you know hatred and fear and this is one of these things where.
We have to become aware of the duality of paradoxes and the paradoxes of extreme Duality the extreme dualism.
And.
I think of that the more we explore.
What perfect is to us personally realize that we live in a world where most people only think of.
Things or people as either.
Private or public but we also have a personal level when it comes to how to define property or ownership or control of something there's actually three ways to Define it there's private property there's public property and there's personal property and when you're talking about your thoughts your beliefs.
Realize that this is your personal property meaning that.
If you are in control of your own personal property your own thoughts and beliefs.
It's not like private property you can you can alter it and do with it what you like is personal property and something that you would. You don't own like you know like a dog you don't own a dog like a slave and stays with you voluntarily and have it you know if it runs away and doesn't want to come back it will you know it will do so but it is loyal to you it will stay in this is how you know we need to think of beliefs as they're not somebody else's private property they're not even Gods private property your beliefs or your own.
Can realize that you know.
Personal property isn't yours exclusively.
Meaning that you know your dog in your wife and your you know your boyfriend or your children aren't your private property you don't own them they are not your slave.
They are more than allowed to.
Nope partake of other people's attention or take of other people's contribution in their lives and that is what personal property is does but many people treat beliefs like they are private property that they get to partake of in they can't change or older or make personal their own till you know add value to these beliefs then really they don't own their beliefs their beliefs are owned.
And that is something that I've learned more and more is a very very controversy controversial idea to the point where most people can't even think about it they just have to believe that it's a belief and it's you know my personal belief regardless of whether or not I choose to believe that.
And thus the cognitive dissidents spell Nino infects their mind not necessarily a magic spell but you know a lot of people look at Psychology in the science of the Mind as magic so you know maybe maybe in a way it could be argued to be magic but that's not how I meant it in that moment.
All I know is that letting go of perfectionism and.
His.
Horribly abstract.
Concept of imperfections has brought me so much inner peace and.
Help me become an honest person a kind person a loving person let go of you no justifying dishonesty through being nice and.
Help me to let go of anger resentment and bitterness which needless to say many of the people that are involved with things that I'm being more honest about have no option to believe that you know.
This in itself is bitterness and resentment and anger towards their personal beliefs which is not even the case.
We're all allowed to have our own personal beliefs were even allowed to explore other people's personal beliefs understand its validity to them personally.
And.
We don't even need you to reject their ideas and their Concepts absolutely to understand them and not want to adopt them life is for experiences not not for knowing knowing in itself is a belief knowledge is a belief knowledge is how we Define believes that are so personally true.
That we consider them truths.
But the fact of the matter is is if somebody else lives a lifestyle that we think is crazy and it works for them even if it doesn't work for them it doesn't make it any less true than our reality on a personal level but if we look at things in a perfectionistic way in the ideology of perfectionism there is only salute truth.
An absolute truth is based on knowledge it's you know any egotistical reality and itself.
And you know.
This is the Allure of.
The logic of Duality pushed to.
In extreme of the ego with when I called Extreme duality.
And on the flip side you know there's extreme Paradox and.
The perfectionism that can infect the paradoxical mindset to where it gets to the point where they.
I want to I believe that nothing matters it's nihilistic and maybe even positive nihilism that comes out as.
And I guess it would be the super-ego as Freud would put it.
Where they have.
Certainly tackled there.
Ego and are going into full submission under their superego and what's interesting is with the superego one would think is Freud describes it not necessarily that a even subscribe to his psychological ideology but for lack of better terms succumbing to the super egos control maybe less tyrannical than the control of somebody under the submission of the ego that may need you listen to their super-ego more somebody who is under complete control of their super-ego.
Is.
Really.
And I know they they get to the point where it's explaining what is right and not giving people the chance to ask questions where is the balance of you know.
The indifference of the ego and the charitable mindset of the superego I prefer UMES explanation on these sort of things but that is beyond abstract for most people it's so subjective it makes them uncomfortable so it's easier to explain with Freudian terminology.
And what's interesting is is bringing up Freud and Jung is after their.
Time in psychological stardom came Daniel Kahneman and Amos tversky who.
Really putting the ego aside.
Invented heuristics which was very unpopular in Psychology when they first came out with it because it's essentially introducing a framework that's not unlike you know religion had professed for thousands of years and even stoicism in its really learning to question your personal reality to become more perfect and they invented heuristics or I guess rediscovered and branded these principles in psychology as your istics.
And essentially gave us a framework for the psyche to ask better questions and actually help any individual ass but her questions once we're aware of the questions that are important to ask to help us make better decisions and better choices in our lives.
And you know.
It was quite interesting to realize that these are what heuristics were and.
Stumbling upon them in my own life more and more through awareness I started to recognize that I was becoming aware through a heuristic a process after getting more clarity on what heuristics were this is what I was doing and having a hard time explaining and this is what your A6 were III love a book called The undoing project by Michael Lewis about Daniel Kahneman and Amos tversky and there you know Collective stories and what they did to help the world think differently and man they changed the way we think and it was quite fascinating it's been an interesting Road during sex is taken of unpopularity and being used for the sake alone that it's.
Highly highly effective but a very unpopular idea because it's.
And I definitely test the humans ego and superego which.
Is there a union in nature sound.
Perfectionism and Imperfections don't exist unless you believe in them.
And that can be a freaking route for you to become better perfect version of yourself.
And just live in the now and be able to let go of regrets like a fears like of anxieties.
Let go of worries of the future like go of anxious thoughts of the future.
Is being the noun.
And.
I don't think that there is.
You know any ISM that doesn't fall into.
The temptation of absolutism anymore and.
Perfectionism is a great example of how it is completely corrupted by absolutism.
But you know don't believe me don't take my word for it just do it for a while if it provides better results.
Great.
If you know for whatever reason.
It's not your thing that's great till.
But when it comes down to what I personally experienced I know that knowing.
The right way to do things as not provided nearly as consistent of positive results for me personally as letting go because in a world where it is so easy to know.
Sometimes we forget to let go.
