https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Personal-vs-Private-e2uoii



This episode has been a difficult one I had a lot of expectations and hopes and dreams that I bought into that needs to be let go of two.
Let myself explore this one logically outside of the collective reasoning that I bought into a lot of it had to do with my genetic fallacies that I had to let go of my social conditioning is based on class and geography in the world and the things that were available to me the history of my geography certain things like that.
I want to start this one out with a quick story.
I grew up in a capitalist nation that practices consumerism and.
Pretty much spearheaded the consumers Democratic Society that industrialism took full swing with the help of burnazian marketing PR advertising and propaganda by Edward Bernays the father of PR and propaganda literally wrote the book on both if.
If I had gone the same route as everyone around me I could have been.
Much upper level successful in all of these areas maybe even at the top of an industry I think that was what was frustrating for the people around me is.
I knew enough to.
Crush a sector of the world but I didn't really want to choose one in this this led to some interesting conversations because I number one I went from every end of the political Spectrum realizing that all of them were acquired a certain amount of belief to get them right even though most people disagreed with this I realize that you know either a they were unaware of the beliefs they were practicing and I said this differently back when I was way more egocentric a narcissistic waking more judgmental in my analysis of their beliefs or I didn't process or have beliefs the same way as other people now I realize both of these to be true I've I've always focus more on choices choices are way more important than what.
Believe the choices aren't as easy to communicate as belief because people are ready and willing to believe that other people believe what they say they believe and then they get butt hurt when they realize that their choices don't line up with what they say they believe which is ironic because me focusing on choices using time to understand people's context and not you know trusting People based on their beliefs but having everyone earned trust in a way that other people say is a broken way to trust people but I find is literally what they have to resort to when they're fry fragile contract of trusting People based on you know the beliefs that they're aware of that doesn't necessarily mean that is where they are and it goes into.
Do you know just this whole idea that you know the world believes they know how to trust but they have trust issues that they aren't aware of until they get to.
Situations in life where they don't want to be aware of these things anymore so they make themselves forget these things are not remember them or try again it's like they found something that doesn't work and now they're literally trying to ignore it hoping that it magically gets better by ignoring it rather than addressing the illogical dilemma that has become Collective reasoning in that way and this is all led me to have really really deep conversations with people that you know.
You know I have gone against what I chose to believe because I was looking for what was right in the world and I really listen in ways that I realize now a lot of people don't choose to do because it's really uncomfortable is realizing if I had no obligation to share when I was practicing what I believe certain things I did a much better job listening to other people well enough to even you know she sell them on what was what I was believing which you know wasn't just traditional beliefs like religion or economic systems or governmental systems like and this was even had to deal with when I was a food do you like I could I could listen to people enough to when they say they didn't like sushi I could listen to them enough to actually get them to go out.
Get sushi listen to them enough to understand what they may or may not like and then at the end of the day they ended up realizing they did like sushi cuz it's way more than just this vague idea of raw fish to them it's like the things that can happen from listening are number one we get really upset defend defensive or even offended it out extreme cognitive dissonance or some degree of cognitive dissonance were all we can think of is how we're more right and how we need to explain how or more rides and if we can let go of that impulse.
Eventually we will listen long enough.
Because really what happens is when we know what we need to say we stop listening and if they're still talking there's a chance that exactly what you need to know to realize that your explanation is going to hurt the situation and even if you hear that you're not going to listen to it cuz you're like already thought of a good explanation and that breaks my explanation so I kind of need to ignore it and hope they ignore it and this is how we get into.
Explanatory debates where the two people debating are not listening to each other.
Or.
One of the sides is listening to the other side but the other side doesn't believe that they're being listened to because listen to be feeling listen to is Basin validation being listened to is based on our ability to listen and change or pivot in the moment and even accept that we were wrong in a way they could be so fundamental that it could be life-altering there at least half a dozen beliefs that I had to let go of that were spreading me fin when most people have about three major beliefs and culture ISM that they adopt internally when you know most people it's you know either religion economics and nationalism other people it's science.
And spiritualism and governance and some sort of anti nationalism which all of these things are you know their culture mine sets its hive mind and nobody knows who the queen is they all think they're the queen when in reality they can all be easily manipulated with burnazian marketing and PR and propaganda tactics has gone through many names over the past Century started out as propaganda event turn into PR then turn into PR and advertising intern in a marketing and that you know there is a.
An ethical art alternative now that but I won't go into growth hacking that much but this is this is all I mean like I keep saying to really really interesting conversations I had a conversation with a socialist a couple years ago became real good friends he's about 10 years younger than me and I realize that you know if I was his age in this point in time in history I probably would have found and learned and been appealed to the same things as he did but the abundance of information on socialism that has become overwhelming to most people now when it comes to socialism and communism it's it's realizing you know.
The majority of that information wasn't available to me because the heart and soul of that information was the rest of the information now is actually propaganda industrial bull crap and that's something that we we talked for a year and this this might be upsetting for some people to hear this and that it's realizing they're inconvenient truths that make both parties wrong and I'm not saying that I'm right because I believed it was bullshit because I was a catalyst that we came to the end of these discussions that took horse over a year dozens and dozens of discussion sometimes took weeks between you know continuing the discussion because we had to emotionally and spiritually recover as friends to continue this talk and at the end of it all.
I realize from my side on capitalism I've been everything from you know liberal to Republican to libertarian to constitutionalist to anarcho-capitalists to anarchists to an Arco humanist and now I just I just am what I am but this time I was somewhere between constitutional and stand anarcho-capitalist and as you can imagine these debates between me and one of my best friends who is the Socialist Communist I realize that both of us were pretty duped for the majority in the things that we were both afraid of him fighting against we had learned a slightly different terminology to describe these fears we were both afraid of tyranny.
And we were both led to believe that our way to avoid tyranny was absolutely correct and in the end I realized that to him what democratic Socialism or Democratic communism was with a way to avoid the pitfalls of a tyrannical government Elite and what I had been conditioned to believe is that you know.
A free market with a government in the middle will have the government is small enough it will be no prevent the industrialist Titan Tyranny of King corporate conglomerates but in reality I realize that the way I saw this centralized socialist movement as you know yeah I could work in the now but like eventually given enough time it will break down and I realized that they were just saying the same thing to me that like small government can work in the nail but eventually corporations will you know get to the point where time they it's on their side and they will enslave us all again it's like realizing that I'm like like I realized that there is.
No good way to understand the difference between what you believe and want somebody else believes when they are polar opposite without listening through the discomfort the discussed what you believe to be arrogance realize that they believe all these things about you from the other side and they can equally justify it in ways that may even sound more intelligent than you which can be Beyond frustrating because love and you know kindness and honesty and trust those are paradoxes that lie on the what the extreme left side but they exist in the left side not just the extreme left side but the left side where the right side is reasoning and Duality right and wrong sort of things and the thing is is that's not completely you know discountable either.
Realizing the extremes on both sides are what get us to not actually communicate and listen when we don't take an extreme position to realize we are conditioned to take an extreme position without even knowing it this is how boornazian marketing PR and advertising and propaganda works but you don't know what you don't know like that was their goal for since before any of the generations that are alive today they started back during like World War I like this is this is history that is so hidden but it's show available it but like so ignored that it's a cold by being a note ignored not by its being kept secret it's like it doesn't have to be kept secret because nobody's interested in learning it because burnazian marketing is so beautiful and they tell you what to what is good.
Good and what is bad but they show you what to ignore they want you to know about what is good or bad but none of that is the knowledge that you truly seek none of that is the missing piece whether or not you're on the end cap side or whether or not you're on the Ancon side that's the thing that blew me away this discovery that listening to what we need that missing piece that would tell us how to make how to take action how to make that choice where that choice point lies is literally behind the people we hate to listen to the most the people who we feel most in post and can post in a subconscious way to dismiss them and browbeat them intelligently.
Because we've learned two conflicting.
Social reasoning systems.
And each half has pretty much half of logic this is the same between an Cavs and and calms you know Libertarians and socialists you know the left and the right men and women it's like we have two halves of laundry this is why men and women can't see the difference between masculine and feminine in even in this debate of the spectrum of genders the we all seem to be missing this binary revolution of paradox were like a binary star system it's like if gender is a spectrum and male and female our sex in their absolute and they may have variations like anomalous variations you have a binary sicular rotating Paradox called masculine and feminine that can exist in both male and female sex.
Exist in variations of all the genders in realize that gender is a lot like point of view on the world and thank goodness you know we don't have to pick or political party and absolutely stick with the imagine of that was on your ID and they could say no you can't change your political party you've already chosen it how confusing would it be if you could change your political party it's like we see the world in such a stream Duality then when we look at the duality of male and female sexes in a spectrum like gender we think of that it has to be either or when even understanding of binary you know Cycle System like masculine and feminine is what we need to understand these binary rotating systems.
That blur the lines between Duality and Paradox that blur the lines between reason and logic that help us understand our environment is always changing these are the things that I had to address not just done you know gender and sex and masculine and feminine but when it came down to something I've held really dear which was economic systems as a capitalist and I realize that capitalism doesn't need an economic system to exist economic systems exist to enforce or protect a certain.
You know way of capitalist Commerce.
But what's really interesting is you know natural capitalism doesn't need economics economics or how intelligent people want to create a perfect bubble system of like an economy under a dome is kind of how it works is there very fragile systems Economist don't want to admit this but this is why they're so important is because any system they are an expert in they are an expert in as we know experts when you know when it comes down to it.
Natural capitalism doesn't need experts economics needs experts it's it's an expert trap and this is something I never wanted to if so as a capless but now I understand. Like I'm a natural calculus that means I see the value in you know socialism essentially in a startup and then it shifts to once a self-sustainable it's now capitalistic and if it gets too kind of lipstick to wear the pointed adopts industrialism that's when it turns into something that is just as bad or wrong and tyrannical as socialism that turns into a tyrannical haregi of absolute control on like it's just different ways to get to the same results that we all don't want or different ways to get to the same results that we all want but we have been trained to ignore them through.
Keynesian marketing PR and propaganda techniques is realizing we are trained to be taught what is right we are trained to be taught what is wrong and we're trained to ignore anything else.
These ignore labels have different terminology you know wrong bad sinful evil you know criminal illegal even even when they're not like there's so many things that are considered criminal when they're only illegal in there so many things that are illegal that are more like a fee and it's there so many things that are illegal that are not wrong there like is realizing that this is you can know this to be true because as long as legal systems have existed we have had things that are that are legal that are wrong like Allah does not define morality it is the role of morality to keep redefining laws and when laws become the common definition of morality it will seem like a living a moral life style is long.
Christmas because we live in a delusion where we need more laws we are addicted to rules and you know correcting in Perfections.
When in reality this keeps people from learning and if people can't learn from their mistakes they will just get angry and lash out.
And this is true on both sides of every single sides or are they have both sides of like that's the craziness here and the opposite of crazy is still crazy.
And eventually I came to realize that you know as a catalyst I was doomed and pretty much brainwashed into believing in economics this is why it is so complicated to understand economics and even people who are graduated in economics.
They realize they're an expert but they don't understand economics the way they feel they should leg of this is really disconcerting for people who graduated in economics and realize that they don't feel like they know what they need to know to actually do anything and that's that should be concerning for anyone that trust in economics or economic systems.
What is a economics is the religion that has been placed upon capitalists to keep us from listening to morality into have a learn morality that might have been right once but over time we realized it wasn't absolutely right because either the world change we change what we want what we need to change any sort of things could have changed.
And The Economist don't want to lose their control and be made absolutely absolutely absolutely compared to whoever the new Economist we need to let go of this economic a dick like I'm still a cowboy list it if I figured out a way to do this and I'm not really that smart I get told this all the time if I can figure this out other people can to it just requires listening beyond what you are comfortable listening to it requires not responding to things you feel you can correct.
And fix or whatever in other people's beliefs it means a listening past but discomfort listening past the disgust live listening past the craziness in realizing that the opposite of crazy is still crazy.
And you will understand that you are just as crazy to them as they are to you and if you ever want them to understand what's valuable to you you have to first do what the hard thing is and listen to Woods valuable to them pass all of your choices to be uncomfortable or you know disgusted or confuse all of these things are choices like it is your choice to be confused instead of curious 100% of the time it's always your choice unless you believe that absolutely everything is a belief there are no choices there's no such thing as choice there's no such thing as free will.
And everything is a belief in their secret people in control and you have no choices then you need to explore.
What power could come from letting yourself believe in something different like everything is a choice until perhaps you no longer need to believe in that until you realize.
Just how much everything is a choice it's not an absolute thing because belief still exists but realizing believing that everything is a belief is contradictory and it's hypocrisy to choice where is.
Knowing everything is a choice.
Is not contradictory unless one chooses to believe that everything is a belief this is this is the.
The relative morality of absolute beliefs and why they have been trained to call anything outside of their socially conditioned morality as relative morality is hypocrisy through contradiction by training people not to listen to things that would benefit the most to listen to not because of their fear of conversion that's of the false belief that you don't convert to People by listening to them or else you know everyone who watch The Matrix would believe that they're in the Matrix or believe that were in a computer simulation by AI Lego that is not how a conversion doesn't work like that.
Conversion absolute conversion is something that is a symptom of believing it absolute beliefs there's really no such thing as absolute conversion unless you believe there is that's that's the thing it's like if you if you believe that everything is a choice eventually you will know that everything is a choice and you will know that you always have a choice to be converted it doesn't magically happen through feelings or other crap like that like feelings don't lead you to the emotions that you seek like Julian feelings lead YouTube.
You know long-term occasional happiness buried in more common unhappiness or misery or degrees service or you know contentment but not really Joy you know just getting by or email making the best of things we living in this is what it live eventually leads to.
And then I started to explore the uncomfortable things and piece together my personal truth which is more moral than anything I tried you know when I was measuring myself against absolute believes I'm like I'm way more moral than I ever was people feel like I'm judging them constantly because when I talk about this kind of morality they feel judged but their feelings are lying to them and they accuse me of things that I realize are just what they accuse themselves are and they have been trained to believe that no one else is capable of this unless they want them to be capable of this because they worship them to some degree because they think that they're better at them at the beliefs of the practice that are not meant to give them the tools to be good at what they want to be good at a good moral honest trustworthy you know loving kind person that these are the tools.
To do the opposite to not be kind but to be nice to not be loving but to be tolerant but to not be you no understanding but to hear people to not be empathetic but to be sympathetic.
These are the world we live in it's like we have a large portion of the world living through extended adolescence and now they're raising children and feel so lost and how to raise children because they themselves are like the mind of a teenager trying to raise a child looking for the expert to tell them what to do and then they get angry and an expert that's wrong because so many people are in the state of extended adolescence especially the people they look up to or worship the most even if they don't say they worship them they Revere them or they respect them it's it's all the same it just feels different in this seems crazy when feelings.
Are you know how people know to do things how can you trust your feelings if you haven't questioned all of them if you haven't gone to the process of heating all of them for betraying you and realizing you were wrong about some of them and you have a renewed relationship with them like this is what everyone has to do like this is how you grieve from realizing that you adopted a broken system talk to you by people who adopted a broken system talk to them by people who adopted a broken system talk to them by people who adopt a broken system that are no longer alive and we have no one left alive to know whether or not anyone knew whether or not this was a broken system when in reality it's more likely that things just changed and people wanted to save face and not admit that they were wrong and things got more more out of control the more people wanted this.
Be the norm because they didn't want to change they were afraid of looking like they were wrong and losing Authority and control is just a cycle of Despair where it's not masterminded it's really just from no Harmony between mental intelligence and emotional intelligence and trying to supplement emotional intelligence with spiritual knowledge the realizing that if their spiritual knowledge there's also mental knowledge and there's also emotional knowledge but intelligence is what you need to be wise in any one of these three categories and finding Harmony.
Even if you have one area where you're intelligent in and another where you have a lot of knowledge but not wisdom and another area where you're so wholly unaware of it you you don't even know what the knowledge is and you're afraid of the wisdom because everyone's afraid of the wisdom because of they don't know what the colleges they don't know how to see the wisdom and when they ask other people that tell them to be afraid of it and that's even when the experts and mental intelligence wisdom tell everyone to be afraid of emotionally intelligent wisdom same way they tell people to be afraid of spiritually intelligent wisdom this is the.
Intelligent God Society we live in of politics religion and otherwise and science it's this is its part part of culture ISM plain and simple.
And no.
If you made it this far late you've and you know you're not angry at me for being the messenger of these things that I've discovered and learned with other people I'm not the Discover in a way where I own it looks like that's the crazy thing that's that's why this episode is about private versus personal it's like this is my you know.
Personal property but it's not my private property like this idea is not my private property like we have such a poor understanding of the difference between personal property and private property that you know the capitalist seem to blame the Socialist for not understanding property rights when the fact is the Cowboys also don't understand the difference between private property and personal property.
It's like your dog is your personal property.
Because they choose to be loyal to you they choose to love you.
Even if it doesn't serve the big shoes that like that's why they're your personal property private property is what leads to people wanting to do dog fights.
And the only people who.
Justify dog fights are the people who don't look at dogs as personal property where it's a mutual Choice based on two different beings with different levels of intelligence to different levels of awareness which is up for debate on who is more aware of what and dog owners can understand this as much as cat owners like it's.
Pets are personal property things get really really disgusting when they're considered to be private property.
It's realizing that you know.
Somebody who believes that their dog is private property even if they're not doing dog fights if you know if their dog wanted to go with someone else instead they might say no this is my private property you can't just take my dog with you just because it wants to go with you is like realizing that there a difference in areas where that could be beneficial if they die you know if they can't afford to take care of it anymore that's really beneficial but otherwise it's like.
They're treating their animal like a slave because they will see it as private property it's just all degrees of wrongness there's no absolute wrong and since you're wrong isn't as bad as somebody else is wrong you're wrong is Justified no justification is just like masturbation you're only screwing yourself like Let it go let go of the justifications in the explanations that are used to justify the justifications that nobody talks about directly nobody admits the justifications or even that they're justifying you can see the justifications by the explanations that Define some sort of Common Sense logic.
Most people don't aren't even aware of logic if you want to you know understand Advanced logic beyond what everyone is taught partially check out.
On YouTube.
An illustrated video book of bad arguments in Illustrated video book of bad arguments check that out like this this is the advanced stuff that like we're only taught a piece of the puzzle or several pieces of the puzzle based on your perspective and these are the missing pieces I could really help you practice these brainwash yourself with that instead it's like it's the tools to free yourself from feeling misunderstood or feeling like you're explaining the idiots all the time it's like it you will learn how to listen without needing to explain and then get people to understand without needing to explain like that that's the part that's most mind-boggling and this is how like I could see things that people may consider crazy like.
The difference between personal and private property I used to believe the difference is I'm about to talk to or super crazy but actually they reside more in logic then in Collective reasoning that keeps me from being as powerful as the industrialist that I hated as an ethical capitalist really want me to believe is all that is possible so if you're interested in learning you know the Hidden Truths of you know the truth that I thought I knew absolutely as a trained expert in economic practical practice theories in the world today popular economic theories and historical economic theories like there are so many versions of Economics that like it would blow most people's minds who think that they know economics it's.
Like most people don't know you know the difference between Adam Smith and John Nash that they don't know the difference between economic theories and anti economic theories of governance is they don't understand the difference between Commerce and economics they don't understand the difference between trade and economics they don't understand that currency is an economic tool is a middleman tool it's like you can have free trade without currency and it doesn't have to look like trading order as you know it trade and barter exist all the time.
We just don't understand how it looks in a digital age it's realizing that things like eBay and things like Craigslist and other thing they could still work if money wasn't the middleman a favor economy works way better than trade and barter 100 years ago in the digital age people it's it's not that they can't see this it's that just like me I refused to see this because I wouldn't let go of the idea that trade and barter has to look like it did a hundred fifty years ago.
And it's just.
It it doesn't look like that because we're not giving it the attention that it deserves to create a more ethical free market it's realizing that Adam Smith was mostly wrong and this is evident even in the fact that most people believe in the Invisible Hand of the marketplace this was an incomplete idea that Adam Smith you know probably wasn't even aware was incomplete he borrowed this from Isaac Newton which.
Up one of his laws of physics and it ended up being broken the law of physics that has been since improved on is what Adam Smith based the Invisible Hand of the market of supply and demand on that John Nash.
Helped solve that problem that most people aren't aware that John Nash solve that problem even if they've seen a beautiful mind they didn't understand economics to understand why he said Adam Smith was wrong it why that's profound and what was actually wrong and.
They still go on believing that the Invisible Hand of supply and demand is right because they don't know how to know what they don't know even when it's given to them this is the craziness that is literally rooted from bringing Asian marketing PR and propaganda tactics that involve so much that you know we are wholly unaware of them going on.
And while we Mark and ignore Sigmund Freud his psychology of control is literally being used first and propaganda and then in PR after propaganda got a bad name because the Nazi propaganda Minister loved Edward Bernays and his you know his tools he created and Edward Bernays real thing at the Nazis messed up things for me got to change propaganda to PR guy give it a rebranding campaign and then eventually you know he teamed up with Anna Freud and they they they invented add an admin in the advertising market and then you know it's everything that most people know as marketing is if it if it utilizes PR and ads.
It's literally propaganda like that's something that was really hard for me to come to terms with as you know a practicing marketer that.
Kind of woke up to a hypocrisy that was so contradictive to the principles I thought I held that I had to make a drastic life-altering Choice until I discovered you know growth hacking I came up with my own idea that I called Advanced marketing tactics and then I realized okay this is what I presume you know what's talking about in 22 immutable laws of marketing eventually turned into growth hacking that you know Seth Godin talks about and you know right in Holiday talks about and his just Sean and all of these people that growth hacking experts this is ethical marketing like the alternative is there but even those marketers don't know how to do more than Mock and ridicule this.
This is why we know capital is are afraid to look at the difference between personal and private property because we're shooting the messenger.
So hopefully you can listen to a messenger that isn't a socialist is I see the value of socialism and things like startups and I love that they're able to Pivot in change to turn it in capitalism and I'd absolutely do hold it against them when startups that turn into you know ethical capitalism turn into corrupt industrialism like you know some big names and Tech like the war going on right now between Google and Facebook and Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk is like this is an ethical wore that for years to me looked like they were all industrialists.
But now that I have the tools to know the difference I'm amazed at what I'm able to know when I once didn't know what I didn't know that I didn't know and it's just it's layering on layers of truth that fill in those degrees that you know other people were saying that I was unaware of but I didn't know a better way so I didn't want to admit that there was a degree of wrongness to something that I was trained to believe was absolute.
It's a the difference between private property and public property.
Has a massive impact for.
The future of free market natural capitalism that is beyond Adam Smith that is beyond John Nash that is beyond Satoshi Nakamoto these are the things being worked on right now with you know new systems of impact on Commerce and marketplaces positive impact that help creatives and every single sector realize that you know you don't have to be that you know some degree of a middleman to be a creative and actually make money in this world it's this is this is the world we live in a world of Hope world of balance a world of Harmony between social impact and positive Commerce.
And it's it's beautiful in the way that it says that everything is mostly wrong but also shows us how we can all be right because the ideas of these were all based on can be redefined in this digital you know Revolution that's been going on for 40 years and we've gone through a third Industrial Revolution were heading into a fourth Industrial Revolution we have a choice point we either choose to go down the scary route of the fourth industrial revolution of AI centralized AI or we choose to go down the alternate path.
That is we're trained to be afraid of of decentralization and figure out that we can have the benefits of AI the same way that you know the people who were human computers human calculators that were dissenting against the invention of calculators eventually computers would take over the world if we let calculators become commonplace it's realizing calculators haven't taken over the world if we treat a eye the same way it will be a tool the same way calculators are and you know we won't end up with a centralized AI fourth Industrial Revolution we could have a decentralized tool beiste I not super intelligent knows everything does everything Central AI system that we all tap into know we can all have our own little piece of a eye that is no closer to being self-aware.
Then a computer is to us.
Because it knows more than us like intelligence isn't the path to self-awareness self-awareness is the path of combining mental intelligence emotional intelligence and spiritual intelligence that's where self-awareness comes from and anything less than that is partial awareness at best we're either aware of the world or we're aware of you know the unknown or we're aware of you know our emotions but we don't know how to communicate these things with other people that we aren't aware of where they are within the three.
It's time to bring Harmony between these so that we can understand the difference between personal and private property realize that if you're listening to this and you feel like I've under explain the difference between personal and private property you're addicted to intelligent explanation I'm not looking to brainwash you I'm looking for you to brainwash yourself with something that you can believe because you're not going to convert to me unless you're exactly like me these aren't mine beliefs I'm not telling you to convert to what I'm communicating is my personal truth and it's going to sound like a belief if you're not already practicing this so I'm not asking you to convert to this I'm asking you to let go of your fear of conversion and just learn about something scary in different and let go of bigotry of different.
Just because something seems unintelligible does not mean it's unintelligent.
We are the only ones that limit ourselves.
By not knowing how to listen to what we believe is unintelligent.
And not being able to ask ourselves maybe this isn't unintelligible if I can listen long enough.
And choose to explore it's realizing.
Even if you listen to this whole podcast yes you choose chose to listen to this and now you have a choice point to do what you need to do to translate what you learned here which may not be more than enough to just be a belief and you need to do the due diligence to educate yourself because unless you give me or someone else the permission to educate you on this stuff which requires sacrifice more sacrifice then we want to do if we don't want to believe something that's that's the contradicting you know Paradox that you know people scream is hypocrisy but everyone's a hypocrite remember so it's it's only only the hypocrisy is that contradict and keep us from making a change even if it's just to learn more about something that we don't want to believe in but with an open mind just to.
No more not to practice or convert to another absolute belief but to just become more well-rounded and the excuses that I always came up with work I don't have the time or I don't like to read or I don't like to watch documentaries or I don't you know.
I don't I don't have the capability to do this or I just can't believe what you believe is these are all piss poor excuses.
These are excuses that I used to be lazy really really lazy in bitch and moan and complain about people not listening to me not listening not listening to reason you know I was my choice not to listen to logic which I didn't realize I didn't have.
And one day I just you know I did the crazy thing and started exploring what other people choose to believe in and I realize that you know the opposite of crazy is so crazy and I may not believe that what I believe is crazy but I have to respect that other people can choose to believe the what I believe is crazy just as much as I chose to believe that what other people believe that defied my reason was not chose to believe that it was crazy.
This is that it is realizing that it is not my role or anyone's role to educate you on this.
We will always scoff at the price required to learn these sort of things and we can always question something that we don't want to believe in that we learn about somebody else teaches us that we have to teach ourselves it so that we can not have the bias of a teacher.
And learn to let go of our own bias when it does not serve a greater vision for a positive future that we want her trained to expect other people.
Talita's 2.
The crazy thing is is the Futures that need to be led to buy other people aren't good in the long run or they break in the long run and even if they're good in the short-term which could be the span of a human life why would you ever want to build something that could break when your children are using it or your grandchildren.
We need to let go of a lot of the ideas we have that have turned into ideals and ideology.
And realize we have a perfect incubator that has gotten even more perfect because there's no such thing as absolute perfect this goes into you know how.
Imperfections are a belief system.
And it's.
It's it's our it's our choice to Mock and ridicule what we believe our imperfections in order to keep ourselves and what we don't want to believe is ignorant and I don't really want to end this on that note just know that you know.
When it comes to expertise.
The opposite of crazy is crazy it's realizing that if you're an expert in something and you try to tell people what to do that can fix things or solve things in the long run they just want a quick fix they don't want a solution they don't want to get home.
They don't want to turn the light on their keyboard off all the time because you know it's useful to have it on when night time comes around but even if you explain to them that you know if you want that benefit at night it benefits you to get used to turning it off during the daytime and these are the sort of things that experts can see this weather it's technologists which you know when they talk about Technologic it sounds like technobabble this is what happens with psychologist that when they talk about psychology it sounds like psychobabble which is ironic because psychobabble led to the invention of psychological study.
And the tool of psychology it is realizing that technology is much more easily adopted than computers were even personal computers in the 1970s and now everyone wants to use technology but like psychology needs a psychological Revolution because this is why people have such a lack of emotional knowledge and are so far from being emotionally intelligent or emotionally aware like.
Psychologist need to take a page from technologist and learn how to freaking growth hack mental health because the fact is is mental health is not for the people who have mental illness like mental illness.
Is it go to psychologist to learn how to navigate their brain and then they can start practicing mental health the sad Inconvenient Truth is the people who don't have a mental illness.
Are using an excuse of not having a mental illness to not practice mental health this is leading to mental health which is really just you know.
A lack of practicing mental health and is mentally unhealthy has nothing to do with mental illness and it needs a better brand and mental on health for some may be a psychologist can you not reach out to me in my library of Consciousness at Minot library of Consciousness. Calm and help me understand how to brand is better cuz the mental health industry needs to be redefined I mean so many of the ethical codes of psychologists don't apply anymore we've had an ethical Revolution and now what once was ethical is now hurting people.
Did you realize that we have to take a page from Nellie bly's you know Book of Life and and realize that you know she went into the mental health homes which were the mental asylum in drug their dirty business through the streets.
This is what the people needed for a wake-up call to start treating the mentally ill better and stop filling them with fear and stop treating people that you know we're actually just Visionaries like human rights Visionaries were being put in mental asylums and the been given drugs to distract the world to believe that they were crazy cuz ones given these drugs it was making them crazy because what worked for the mentally ill made the non mentally ill crazy.
This happened so, and this is an ethical dilemma that what you were taught to do as a psychologist.
Who's talk to you by people who practice burnazian mental health in psychoanalytic they don't even know that they do this this is an innovation on Freudian control this is why there is been in under belly growth of an interest in Union psychology Daniel Kahneman and Amos tversky these sure esticle psychology's that were beaten into submission and grew over time and with the age of the internet have become more and more commonplace and are being taught as a subsidiary like an honorable mention in most psychological classrooms because their Dawn allowed to teach anything else than what is legally accepted as the absolute in this is being under minded by Brave Educators in mental health that have to teach one thing but believe they need to teach another thing and we need to have a complete mental.
Health Revolution.
And realizing it's not over throwing the system it's under throwing the system we have to build a foundation where the corrupt system of control crumbles under this New Foundation that does not tolerate corruption because it's legal.
Or because it's legally right or because it's legally ethical we need to redefine the ethics of not just the Mental Health Community but the entire medical community the way we're treating more and more mental illnesses as worse and worse problems the point that like even autism so many psychologists that are new to the field of study are starting to understand things that even the wise experts are starting to come to terms with and realizing shit how do we bet without looking like we were wrong all this time because we'll lose the authority necessary to get people to believe us.
This is the problem of single faceted Authority we're being wrong is wrong.
It's realizing that the doctor that helped me out for two decades pivoted and did the ethical Thing by letting me do what was right in providing good results beyond the medication and we both experimenting with for years I volunteer I was not forced and when I found something better it was encouraged but this is a systemic problem that young psychologist me desperate help from experts that don't know how to say that they were wrong without losing their Authority.
Team up with the young ones the young radicals that are doing you know positive psychology or holistic stuff the stuff that you know.
If you can direct from afar but if you get too close you might lose your figure out a way I mean you're a psychologist figure out a way to communicate without communicating.
It's realizing if we live in a system of manipulation manipulate your language to break the rules without breaking the rules because of the rules are corrupt they need to be broken and I'm not saying put everything at risk.
But it might require somebody putting everything at risk.
To make that communication gap more profound.
It's somebody who's not a psychologist I would be more than happy to help bridge that Gap I am trying to find other marketers that feel the same way so that we can have an ethical Revolution where we separate.
Bernie's in marketing from psychoanalytic.
In a way where we integrate.
Moral ethical boundaries in emotional intelligence with the medical practice.
It's realizing that the silos that we've been placed in.
Are keeping us from realizing that we need an ethical Revolution that is a joint effort between marketers Educators and the medical industry in order to break up this conglomerate that benefits from siloing of these three things this is everything the Library of Alexandria project is.
There is so much I hope.
It's just we need we need more help we need more attention and it doesn't mean we need money or we need people to commit to it full time or even part-time we just need the attention we need the understanding that we need people to invest even a little bit of time when they can afford it and hopefully we can encourage people enough to invest more time and hopefully we can help enough to get people to afford to invest more time this is the future were looking to go towards of Harmony where we're not competing against each other where psychologists don't feel like they're trapped in battling consumerism in Educators don't feel like they're trapped in battling you know what was to build something that this is.
This is everything that we need to under 300 by building starting with a firm foundation as my father has always said if you want to build something that last you got to start with a firm foundation we've woken up to realize that not only is every single Silo built on a Broken Foundation but it was barely even a foundation to begin with it's cracking because it was sand.
It was just mud and sand it's cracking because it wasn't a firm foundation and we can spend the rest of our lives debating whether or not they knew it was mud and sand.
Or whether or not we we can just be grateful.
The we know more than we can start again in a way that only feels like starting over.
But we are so much further ahead than what it would really mean to start over we have so many more tools at our disposal it's realizing that education mental health the medical industry and marketing were not built upon ethics that existed ethics and rules and systems that existed.
Back before the information age is we have to redefine what is right and wrong on a fundamental core level not to justify things that are you know.
Illogical.
But to help reason evolve in a world that can be ever more logical this is what every educator would every psychologist went every marketer that is trying to be more and more ethical and finding it harder and harder to be this is what all of us want.
I feel like we can't get what we want because it's not just what we want it's what we need it's what we crave We crave an ethical Revolution but that requires.
A joint effort not just between marketers and psychologists but marketers and Educators Educators and psychologists marketers Educators and psychologists working together and in harmony.
Two under throw the system it's realizing that America didn't overthrow England to become America the overthrow effort that they were doing with the war was a distraction it was a scarecrow tactic to distract from the under throw that they did with friends.
That was that was why they succeeded if it wasn't for that none of their efforts would have succeeded in time they hacked Time by under throwing.
And this is what we need to learn how to do it's realizing that we've only been taught that the way to change things is to overthrow them you got to fix it from within no like that literally never works that's why Martin Luther King jr. didn't overthrow the system he underthrew it that's why Mahatma Gandhi didn't overthrow the system he underthrew it's why Harvey Milk didn't overthrow the system he underthrew it's why Nellie Bly didn't overthrow the system sheet under through it and realizing that.
She is.
One of the least remembered human rights activist in American history.
I'm asking why leads to a lot of uncomfortable realizations for most of the world.
And I realize one of those reasons why is exactly why.
It hurts me to say that she wasn't qualified to make the change because of some fundamental changes in the world that.
I need the harmony of a more ethical mental health industry and more ethical marketing industry a more ethical education industry so that you know.
The reasons that she wasn't taken as seriously as Martin Luther King jr. or Mahatma Gandhi or Harvey Milk orange fixed but solve by number one just not needing human rights Evolution revolutions anymore and not having them completely discounted simply for the fact that.
The person who was championing feminine.
Personality Viewpoint of the world even though they were practicing it in a masculine way is completely discounted because of their sex in history it's realizing that the people who will say well they aren't completely discount it's like if if they weren't you wouldn't be struggling for what to do next as a psychologist or somebody who works in the mental health industry it's realizing that the respect you have for them is shared with me but we both need to realize the Inconvenient Truth.
That.
It's got to be different until different doesn't even have the same impact on our minds as it does now.
And realizing that.
I'm hoping that we can hack the results of what happens when somebody with the sex of a man takes one of these feminine mindset Revolutions of personality and applies it to a masculine structure because I'm going to be honest I don't really want to do that I hope we can Hack That by doing it together because.
Those people.
Boston were killed that game too real traction.
And the ones who made the biggest differences the biggest advances they were killed like I'm going to be honest like.
I mean yeah I'm ready to die for this but I don't know about you but I'd rather find a better way if there is one to be found and I'm starting to see the benefit and numbers and I'm like we live in a day where did an age where it is much easier to be a quote on quote celebrity or influencer then it was in the days of Martin Luther King jr. or Jimi Hendrix or Malcolm X it's realizing we can use these tools of influence in ways that could distribute this message in a way that is number one even more powerful.
But also more impossible to stop with the bad idea of how if we just killed a person leading this message it will stop now that that's the hubris of people in control as they think that the idea is the person that's why people who want control over themselves or the world which is a lot less different than they want to believe they will believe that this is my idea now this is this is all Rydia this is everyone's idea this is.
We are everyone.
We are not Anonymous but we.
We can we can be anonymous but we also choose not to be in use those two things in harmony.
To bring a balance it's real eyes realize thing you know if the people in control can use Bots to.
Make things seem more impactful than they are like recently than the numbers on YouTube supplemented by Google are refining about half home or fake it's like if they're allowed allowed to use anonymous Bots to their advantage why can't we why can't we use this to make a positive ethical impact.
People would. Technology first are always the worst of the worst I mean criminals adopted.
The telephone first day of. Did the car first.
It's realizing eventually people more than Bonnie and Clyde started using you know cars hits.
It's realizing that we are aware of the tools that are at our disposal and it's up to us to learn how to read a fine them for positive impact.
And we may not have the capital resources of industrial Titans like Google but what's interesting Lee what's interesting is the tools do exist out of this cryptocurrency movement we've had a crypto Revolution that is created crypto public services that have a lot less to do with currency and in most cases the protocols have nothing to do with currency and these are powerful tools that are undermining infrastructures like YouTube such as library that are undermining and under throwing system such as centralized internet service providers that rule the world in the internet as we know what that have turned internet into the internet they've turned internet into a God by creating the internet.
But we have so many internets I mean your phone is an internet of apps in each app is an Internet that may be connected to the internet which is just an internet of networks connecting to other networks connecting to other people within it networks with is just internet with an internet with an internet so we we have so many internets but we call them different things like websites or organizations or companies or or apps these are all internet's and these are the tools that decentralization gives us it doesn't give us the power to get our own piece of the internet it gives us the power to.
Create an internet in a way that.
Used to be easier before big industrial Titans in the internet.
The internet middlemen now stomp out anyone.
Who tries to do what they did to become the middle men's.
Of the internet the god known as the internet.
This is where we live and it's it's a lot more hopeful to me when I started to pay no not listen to all the things that we're trying to get my attention and pay attention to the things that had no one's attention and I saw these positive tool such as the library protocol lbry Library protocol such as the gun protocol the apps protocol which are these decentralised weapons for ethical peace peaceful Revolution through under throw it's offline internet.
Try to wrap your head around that it is possible it's not just something you know you heard talked about in the TV show Silicon Valley it is literally in existence and the real life Jimmy.
The real life Michael Hendricks.
Is.
Mark Nadal and Marty mommy is your building in underthrow Revolution through offline internet with amazing tools like decentralized car sharing Services decentralized Home Sharing services like a decentralized identification Services which are super super powerful when centralized to create Titan forces like uber Airbnb even entire government internet service providers the Netflix.
Identity systems.
It's a.
To give us back personal ownership of our names even and that's of our personal identities that's that's huge that's one of the biggest human rights movements but it doesn't seem like it because they don't have the marketers they are building the tools that anyone who could be the marketer that Martin Luther King jr. was to the Civil Rights Movement that he know Harvey Milk was for the the game movement back when it was just the game movement and what Nellie Bly was to the mental health movement and realizing we can do all of these again and it will be much more effective if we are not divided if we learn how to unite for emotional intelligence.
And this is.
This is not something it is everything and it starts here and it starts whenever you get there you're never late we just are constantly looking for you.
Please join me in my library of Consciousness I will help you set up your own library of Consciousness for this library of Consciousness project which will help us build the content database of positive truth.
Solutions not just quick fixes that break down over time but long-term Solutions this is what we need to collectivize our resources for positive impact not just fixes and quick changes to fix things in the nail but that break down and degrade over time we need to treat Our Lives each other and ethical Evolution like a start-up realize we need to work together until it takes off on its own merits.
We can hack the system which is really more like counter hacking the system.
Because it's already been hacked and it was hacked a long time ago with burnazian marketing PR and propaganda.
And we're open sourcing growth hacking so that you don't have to be a marketer to know how to Market your good ideas.
Can growth hack your own good ideas know how to Market your brand the same way it's celebrities who used to go out on their own understood how to Market their brand it's realizing if you have good ideas you have a brand if you have good ideas that break down when they're enforced or when you try and convince people or explain it to them you have good ideas.
It's just you might not have the tools to share them in a way that doesn't require even a little bit of force.
And we have those tools and growth hacking and we want to share them with Educators with mental health practitioners with.
Help marketers that want to be more ethical but don't know how to be when they don't know who to listen to when they don't know who's right guess what you're right if you want to be ethical you just may not have the tools are all the tools you need.
To know why what you're trying isn't working we are working with anyone that is willing to invest the time.
The number one listened to an hour and a half long podcast about.
Things that are hard to listen to.
Because that's all we required to know that people are qualified.
To do what it takes.
To listen to somebody else is why.
And come through at the end of it and realize they have the why that was the missing piece to making your good ideas gain the traction they deserve without applying Force without enforcing them.
On their own merits knowing how to get people to want these more than the things they're trained to want in a consumerist society bring Asian consumerist Society Freudian consumers Cancer Society to want things they don't need and if you are advocating for people to a line or once their needs to help them in their physical help their mental health their educational Health there.
The Catalyst health.
You are exactly what we need.
And we welcome you.
To knowing Who We Are.
And we are open source everything.
Because the world needs it right now.
And we will figure out new ways.
To bring Harmony to the counterbalance balance that is necessary now because we were aware open-source everything could be pushed to the extreme.
But right now it's what's needed to bring balance and if we make sure that cooked into the core protocol of how we do things that when I get to the point that Harmony is met.
We can find the balance we need an ethical balance right now we need to tilt things.
Further than would be comfortable if we were actually in harmony.
But since we're not it's what's necessary and it is just as uncomfortable because we have an illusion that this is just you know a little bit off-kilter.
But we're not seeing a big enough piece of the puzzle we're not seeing the puzzle as a whole to realize that the peace that we're focusing on The Silo that we're focusing on is.
Missing what's needed and that's why it feels like you can't find the piece in what you know to fix things because the solution is not just marketers and Educators working together or not just marketers and psychologists working together it's not just psychologist and Educators working together.
It's all of them working together in harmony in a wave Ed's dualism doesn't like to say is necessary but this is the Quantum Paradox that will bring an age of quantum psychology that will bring an age of quantum education that will bring an age of quantum marketing.
Where impact comes first.
And profit is not the priority.
In a way that one it is its sacrifices impact given enough time we see the evidence for this now and it's hard to accept its realizing it's not just a simple thing that can accept is realizing when we first come to realize that it can it can be hard to hear to where we have nothing but cognitive dissidence for it but it eats away at us like you know in Inception idea and it will grow and just be open to the fact that add you the Wonder your life you you will be drawn to this idea as you educate yourself on why this hard to hear idea.
Is making more and more sense in your seeing the holes in the reason that are illogical and come back when you're ready to my library of consciousness.
I heard you know check out the video in Elwood an illustrated video book of.
Bad arguments that you can catch on YouTube and pretty soon library or in my library of Consciousness under what is logical fallacy what is a logical fallacy something like that one of those sections come to it and you can always find us at you know Quantum Deep Thoughts. Calm and join the community there.
Share this podcast with anyone with whatever platform they use by sharing with them podcast. Quantum Deep Thoughts. Calm and it will take them to their preferred platform of choice that way you don't have to convert them to the platform that you are listening to it on if they don't happen to share that platform this is this is the future that I realized I was terrified when I first saw.
And now I have so much hope because I realize I am far from alone.
And.
I have never been really good at communicating so even as a marketer I was always finding other people's messages to help them augment with the tools that I was aware of and I realize it's no different now.
I'm just listening to what's being said on a level that requires quantitative analysis reading between the lines saying what's needed in Bridging the gaps between the people who have the messages that just need to unite and I can help you out meant them because this isn't my idea of these are your ideas it's just you may only have you no one or a couple of pieces to the puzzle and I'm I'm really really excited and how many people have been open to bridging this communication got to know just tell people how to listen but to show them how to listen to shorten them tools that make it easy to Listen by giving them a crutch but also making them aware that this is just to help you learn to walk afterwards you're going to have to let this crutch go you're going to have to let this tool go so that you can start to run on your own and then.
That crutch won't be slowing you down and in fact you'll circle around and you'll realize that crunches exactly what you needed to leap over the high obstacles but it's a cycle of.
No bribing on to something new and getting used to letting go and then when you get to the somewhere new you go back and you grab onto what you used to know to help you get to new level this is where we are everything is sicular moons or secular you know civilization is secular.
Markets are sicular.
Trends or secular.
Everything sicular we're in a circular point where things are going to ship the same way they shifted were human psychology got more complex past the 1960s and it's happening again because we have more of a foundation that didn't exist back them we went from pretty much having binary personalities to having complex.
Smarter personalities layered personalities and now we are getting to the point where we are having Quantum personalities and this is something that defies.
What used to be considered science but is now on you know.
In a war with Quantum science so I guess now it's like it even is science in a sentence just the depth of the rabbit hole is layered with layers within layers.
And it's it's like we've been looking at layers when it was binary it was either a tree or not a tree and then we cut it up and it's a stack of wood.
Or it's a tree and now we're realizing that there are layers in each piece of wood could not just layers of pieces of wood its layers within the layers.
And the more we know the deeper we go and we realize that if we want to have all the answers or even in our own Silo we will be kept from seeing so much more truth and we could have ever been aware of if we realize there's no absolute truth other than in the rain now.
And that everything is a constant struggle between you know figuring out with the new absolute truth is and letting go of the old one and realize doing that an absolute truth that spans time and space.
Is a Fool's errand.
This is this is essentially probably what's going to sound like mental health marketing and education Alchemy to most but fortunately what defies reason but is purely logical if we use time as our Ally we don't need most we only need a few in the more we have the faster it grows.
Until we have that exponential curve where it is most.
And this is where we are now we have a small group.
And we were making huge strides with a small group realize that this started with just one person and then it went to 2 and then I went to 5 and now it's much more.
And not everyone works full-time or part-time most people do what they can when they can and it's more important the value you bring to the table and what is really really enlightening is most people don't know what value they bring to the table.
Unless they can get over that anxiety that they believe they can't bring value to the table and just ask and we will ask the questions to know what you don't know we will find the value that you don't believe is there.
He just need your attention in your time that's it so please join us in my library of Consciousness that's my. Library of Consciousness. Calm right now that your library of Consciousness. Cam also points to that but we will get you your library of Consciousness as well if you want it if that's what you seek and teach you how to build in any way that you can afford and if you need more than that before you start doing that we are there for that as well.
Where to help you build a foundation or if you have a foundation the good idea that you know needs to get out there were able to help you with that too.
We work purely on donations in tips we don't even need them to be sustainable.
We just know some people like to give with money and we don't want to say no to that because we know that different people say thank you in different ways we love you know receiving thank you in anyway whether it is money or time or favors whatever it is like it's it's up to you you pay how you can and if you want if you can only pay it forward or more than happy to invest in the future by investing in you now.
That is what we're all about.
This is why the Baby Boomers don't get jenzie this is why the Baby Boomers who want this change even the genx that want this change even the Millennials that want this change have a hard time understanding the genze like they they get this in a way that they're not able to explain because they don't know what they know.
Because they're too young to understand how to explain what they know in a way that any historian would realize they sound just like the wise silent generation that brought us the Golden Era of prosperity after the Second Great War that was.
Difference in the way it lasted then the Golden Era that happened before the Second Great War which was not sustainable.
And we have to come to terms with yes we've abused this era of prosperity that they started but that's not her fault it's not their fault it's it doesn't matter whose fault it is it's really no one's fault as much as it is everyone's partially so let's just let that go and move forward build something new and positive impactful not because it's easy.
But because we can.
And because we don't have to care if it feels hard the same way anyone working out to get stronger needs to stop caring about how hard it feels because it will provide great results this is what we're doing.
We are building a foundation.
Not for the best tomorrow.
But for a better tomorrow and to keep that going.
Indefinitely.
If they will keep it.


