https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Your-Reality-vs-Their-Delusion-e2pjdb



What does data over ideal mean? This is a really good question to understand where this series is coming from.

There are two competing realities in this world. From a philosophical standpoint both realities know that they are in competition with each other but both of them seem to sorely misunderstand each other unless they are Beyond both of these realities and not entrenched in the ideals that they stand for. Being aware of the existing data and aware of their role in these two reality constructs. 

The two opposing ideas are Duality and paradoxical.

This is a very interesting conclusion because their arguments on multiple explanations of these two philosophies but those are all ideals in a sentence so that the truth is from this point of view since truth is relevant to the ideal held the truth is is that all ideals are right so let's not look at this as right or wrong and set that personal bias we may have a side while we explore the natures of the paradoxical reality versus The Duality reality.

Let's take the side of the Duality reality first.

The Duality reality everything make sense.

And things are linear there is a linear progression in time there is a linear progression in human evolution there is a linear progression in the evolution of the spirit there is a linear progression in knowledge there is a linear.

Everything from experience to wisdom and nothing is paradoxical because there are two sides to The Duality reality and that is the right side or the righteous side or the legal side and then there is the opposite side the wrong side the bad side the illegal side the unrighteous side the sinful side these are Duality realities and what is quite fascinating is the fact that these Duality realities.

Are competing that there is not one singular Duality reality this is not the Matrix in the sentence where it is so simplified that it is US versus them there are many ideals Within.
This construct of Duality realities but what is very interesting is they are all opposed.
To paradoxical realities.

In the way idealistic paradoxical realities are is there's an infinite amount of everything there's everything can contradict each other and it doesn't matter it's it's somewhere bordering nihilistic and on one hand they may believe that their way is right and try to encourage other people but this is another ideal and this is an illusion of paradoxical it's like they heard the explanation of paradoxical realities in felt accepted by it.

But it is a surface level of the truth the same way.

You can have surface-level truth that contradicts with other Duality realities we see this a lot where religions will say well.

You know it's it's got to be right because it taught me good moral so I know that you know Jesus Christ is the one true God and I know this is absolute truth the same thing can be said about Muslims that say I know a lot is the one true God because it teaches me and my family good morals and I'm both sides they have arguments why the other is wrong well we're not the same as terrorists while we're not the same as the Christian Cults that in a kill people who are different throughout time it's the same but different the only difference in the individuals mind is not the details not the explanatory details but the feelings in the fact that they can't have real they can't have empathy to an opposing but same Duality reality is why they don't realize that they are all connected with ideals.

And this goes on the paradoxical side where nothing is right or wrong everything is relative because time is looked at differently.

In this paradoxical reality where time is not linear meaning the experiences we need may happen out of order we may have the lesson first the understanding later and then it clicks we understand the lesson.

Emissions completely.

Contradictory to the Socratic method which was young Socrates vs. old Socrates but we tend to focus on young Socrates thinking when we think of Duality linear realities and this is really interesting because the temptation of.

These opposing realities are everything makes sense and my way makes sense in this is interesting because the conformist love Duality reality whether or not they consider themselves conformis in some way they like that either they're they are able to conform or that others are conforming in somewhere they want this control this exact that's the day they do not like rest they do not like chance they do not like change and they like control change it like predictable change but we all know the best changes are unpredictable.

You don't create love you fall in love it's unpredictable like falling.

And what's interesting in the paradoxical reality series of the world are.

Time is not knowable its it happened in a random order that we're trying to piece together and are linear progression of time is a construct not unlike a business not unlike a government not unlike you know any sort of organized community that is.

With an ideal of good control and this is very interesting because paradoxical realities seem contradictory or bad when defined by Duality realities where there is right and wrong but morality isn't right or wrong it is absolutely relative if it wasn't.

Even dualistic realities would always agree that all killing is bad and they wouldn't differentiate between murder and self-defense.

Are between rape and consensual sex.

But the fact that they in a way admit that there they call it new ones is and then the.
Paradoxical reality believers they call it.

Pretty much.

Anything they want to because it's they realize that everything is a personal definition and whether or not people and Duality realities realize it that they either have their own definition that others agree to they conform to.

Or others agree to something that somebody else said let's conform to this so it's an authoritarian model where in the most part it's passive authoritarianism they agree to it they don't see it as somebody exacting Authority because they don't think about it too much that's the passivity of Duality linear reality is is there gets to be some sort of passivity where you're just floating along and other people are making decisions that you don't want to make because you look at things as good or bad for as if you're on the paradoxical reality you realize that you are the Navigator of your ship.

And just as the Temptation is on The Duality side to say that.

Paradoxical realities are bad in the paradoxes can't exist the same way it is confusing for people who are obsessing over the ideals of paradoxical realities to say that no rules exist and that by doing this they when they are asked what is the right way.

They explain their right way and they may even get caught up in the dualistic linear sense of control that if this is my right way and I found my people who also agree that this is their right way it is the right way for everyone but this can Flex because the Duelist will never understand this.

Just as.

The people who are studying paradoxical realities do not believe that their way isn't right for everyone unless other people don't just want it they need it most people's wants and needs are not aligned.

So when they say that they don't want it and they don't need it the fact of the matter is even if you enforce that they're going to Rebelle the same way.

The Duelist.

Get on the.

Students of paradoxical realities case for rebelling against a duelist Society of order and this is really interesting because we see these Parables throughout time we see these parables in Plato's allegory of the cave we see these parables in the teachings of Jesus Christ we see these Parables and Marcus Aurelius his teachings of stoicism we see Parables why we see parables in modern-day what is more popular in both Julius and paradoxical circles stories plain and simple.

Both assumed they like explanations but the only reason either side believes.
In what they can explain.

Is because of a story that was told.

And we deny this we deny this on both sides which is very very interesting because there's a difference between data and ideals.

And that difference is data is not the story it is not the narrative it is not the personal experience it is not the feeling it is the data point the bullet points the summarizations it is the explanation without the Y.

But an explanation with a y.

Is the story it compels duelist to one to believe in their linear cycles of time and explanations and knowledge and progression.

And these stories on the.

Other side are the same and there's micro variances on each side of the Duelist.
In the paradoxical side where does it matter if on the dualism side it is organized religion or organized government or some other organized believe in organized political party in organized Ideal Company and organized you know whatever these ideals.

Are all the story and even though those konflict you still have the major confliction we're even all the Duelist agree the paradoxical Arc counter logical they're unreasonable their chaotic yes.
From their perspective just as the ones who study the ideals of paradoxical as whether it's conspiracy whether it's is spirituality whether it's all sorts of alternative viewpoints in this is where it gets really conflicting because just like on the Duelist side for right now in our modern-day there's major conflict between the ideas of Christianity and Muslim faiths there is major major conflict in the paradoxical realm is well with the all right in the alt left.
Where do list people on the right and duelist people on the left both the nine there paradoxical.
Counterparts the alt right in the alt left if anyone on the left talks to somebody on the right they lump the alt right in with the right just the same way somebody on the right lumps the alt left in with the left.

This is because.

In the mainstream the one that is mostly right because it has the majority of people has been defined as mostly right because democracy dictates majority makes right not unlike might makes right.

But this is the might of ideals over ideas when there are two opposing ideas.
Paradoxical and dualism it's not to say that all paradoxical is crazy or that all dualism is crazy but the craziness, from denying the existence of both realities there is a reason why Play-Doh talked about the allegory of the cave.

Explaining the paradoxical in the dualistic realities.

Long long before the Matrix pulled the exact same story with techno details and computer simulations but Plato was talking about a simulation of the Mind the same way the Matrix was.
It was just what was relevant at the time in the same way.

Duelist or even paradoxical.

Explanations may say it's it's not true because we don't live in a computer simulation people in Plato's times most definitely said it's not true cuz we're not all trapped in the cave.
We're not all living in a cave.

Where's the cave.

Do you really think we're all in a cave look we're out in the field you're dumb.

You really think we're all in a computer simulation you really think this could be a computer simulation you're dumb it's the same argument realizing that stories and explanations.
Don't compute.

That's why an explanation.

Meats misunderstanding no matter.

If all the details are laid out the story helps the human mind adapt to it especially at younger ages these Parables stories are very powerful in mines under the age of 25.

Beyond that it takes an immature mind.

To adopt drastically different stories.

Then the ones they become accustomed to and finding a mind under the age of 25 that doesn't already have a story or narrative.

An explanation with the walleye that they have chosen to believe in is very rare these days.
Because I deals.

Are the why the narrative that support an idea.

The new ideas that don't corroborate.

The ideals that exist.

Threaten the constructs of either paradoxical.

Or duelist realities this is not to say that one is right in the other isn't in fact both are valuable but the denial of the existence.

In the logic and reason.

Above.

Is foolish.

Paradoxical helps us change a dab it is why stories exist it is why the same data to need to be introduced to new societies throughout time but it's just put in a different story.

The same way each time the stories get more and more quote-unquote perfect or more and more elaborate or better told the same way that the stories The Parables of Jesus Christ old are better than what Marcus Aurelius told in the same way that the stories that we have today are better told in because they get more attention the plain and simple fact the reason that the teachings of Jesus Christ were better than Marcus Aurelius is because to us they are newer.
But at that time they were the most relevant thing to those people in that area just as the same way we give much more attention to the stories in TV and movies and books that are popular today.

Rather than the old.

That is why.

The stories today are more popular than the stories told by Jesus Christ in fact the stories that he told are not even as popular as his story.

And this is interesting because when we get too far into a duelist Minds that we take things too literally.

And even people who are studying the ideals of paradoxical reality without knowing they haven't completely let go of the Duelist Paradigm so they are still sticking on these analytical explanations the same way religious people can take the teachings of Jesus Christ The Parables the stories the fictional stories The Parables literally.

And this is dangerous the same way it is dangerous to believe any story literally whether it's the Matrix whether it's Limitless whether it's any single story whether it's Harry Potter weather is Twilight you take any of these to literally and you missed the point of the story the lessons inside of it.

But as time goes on the old stories get less important and more literal.

And after a certain amount of time they get generally forgotten.

The same way stoicism is more forgotten than the teachings of Jesus Christ.

But there was not a story created around the stories of stoicism so it is literally philosophy.

Where is.

The philosophy of Jesus Christ that was time is taken literally because of the story that was created around his stories to keep them alive.

In the same way now.

We are so distant we see stories as being inherently fictional.

When the fact of the matter is whether or not you're watching something like the century of the self or the matrix it's the same data it's just the Matrix has a story.

In the century of the self.

Is what we consider reality we don't pay attention to data-based explanations we pay attention to story base explanation but when we lose the philosophy that why.

We get bored with the wise of nonfiction because it can Flex with the reality that that narrative that we have been told I may become less possible when we can put a parable in the realm of fiction it becomes more popular the same way.

Fiction is literally raised and literal explanations are fictionalized when it comes to the teachings of Jesus Christ or any other religion.

This is not to say that they are absolutely right or absolutely wrong this is just a question what are The Temptations that stories have on us what is the truth that is buried in stories where can we find connections where can we find the unity between dualistic philosophies of looking at the world and.

He's yes chaotic but also beautiful chaos.

Series.

That are called Wrong by doulas.

Paradoxical realities have been mislabeled I now realize.

Paradoxical realities over things like love in life fit in.

It's not saying we have to look at it absolutely like the ideals that inhabit.

Paradoxical realities such as alt right alt left.

Conspiracy but the ideas in there are just as valid as the ideas in duelist reality.

I'm looking past the ideals can lead to something very very special understanding not conversion understanding listening compassion empathy understanding why things are beneficial realizing past these alt right alt left and conspiracies are ideas such as love.
Better explanations than I've ever found in dualistic realities where it's random it's chaotic eventually even the Duelist need to admit that even though they believe chaos to be bad chaos is still where love exists where life exists.

Where the understanding of inner peace exists where the understanding of Enlightenment exist.
So let's let go over ideals even if just long enough to understand have compassion for and comprehend the ideas and not the idea of the ideas that the ideals stem from.

Can understand the ideas of others whether or not it is duelist exploring the ideas of other duelist or if it is.

Paradoxical exploring the ideas of other paradoxical and especially.

If it is duelist exploring the ideas of other paradoxical Zim paradoxical exploring the ideas of the Duelist we can figure out ways to bridge disease.

I've met many people who already are.

And what's interesting is there always the most quiet.

And that is why I have listened to both sides and realized that not adopting one of the other we can find a way to bridge them.

I want to be louder so the ones with the good ideas that they have no desire to enforce because their ideas are that good in that pure they just need people to listen in right now.

They are still and small and we need to set aside our beliefs and ideals even just to hear their wisdom.

You would be amazed the answers that you could find that do not require you to convert.
But will help you to improve.


