https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Listening-vs-Waiting-to-respond-e2ghb7




So I've been asked a lot recently what the difference is to me between what I claim to practice which is self Mastery vs self control this is.
A really profound question that I don't believe I answered I more or less stumbled onto answers that I don't believe belong to anyone in particular as much as they are true because they are self-evident.
I save a difference the main difference between self-control and self-mastery is.
The same difference that we would find between following rules and understanding a principal.
Let's take swearing for example growing up I was taught to believe swearing is bad and when I.
Got into my teenage years I stopped wanting to believe that and as I got into adulthood for various reasons I once again wanted this time wanting to believe that swearing was bad.
So for the first time ever in my life I started to practice self control when it came to swearing because when I was a child my parents were the ones teaching me this self-control to you no think and to believe that swearing was bad that saying swear words was creating negativity which still to this day provides true but that's not to isolate the people that do swear and say that they are bad this is where my self-control of not wanting to swear and my change of perspective on the people who do.
Removing myself from the equation change the picture for me completely.
So sometime into adulthood practicing this belief that swing was bad.
I either wasn't taught or didn't make the connection or just haven't discovered yet that really what I should believe is that swearing is bad for me because.
Let's imagine that.
We believe that speaking Spanish was bad.
Ozark different linguistic words to any other language in the world would have people continuously were taught and believed it speaking Spanish was bad.
Then we will eat out treat.
Those people anyone who spoke that.
Or naturally spoke that bass but we would see them as a bad person.
Some might argue that this is the world we live in that's not the point I'm trying to make what I am trying to identify is.
Do the definitions of the words make the words bad.
Or does collective belief that words are bad make words bad I'd say It's a combination of both and me taking myself out of the Asian helped me identify this as a whole to realize my place in the equation by taking my personal bias the types of beliefs that betray those biases the ones that we have all the right to judge ourselves but we don't have the right to judge others if we don't know them completely.
That means that we never have the right to judge another because we will never know anyone else completely when we can barely know ourselves completely.
This being said let's go back to that idea of is the definition what makes a word bad or is it the collective belief that makes a word bad like I said I think it's a combination of both and being able to identify the difference.
Is made all the world and being able to apply this self-mastery concept to everything that I was practicing with self-control because I found eventually the self-control became self-limiting because I was continuing to follow these rules that I didn't come up with but I were based in some inherent truth but I couldn't figure out how to apply it to anyone other than myself.
And since I couldn't figure out how to apply it to the world I didn't realize that the key was letting go of applying it to the world and this helped me understand people more applying this to the world through self mass or you rather than the self-control that we have the right to do with ourselves we have every right to say I choose not to swear but we have no right to tell other people not to swear and we also have no right to think that.
Because they choose to swear that they are being negative because we choose to believe that they are negative because if culturally.
They have grown up an environment or choose an environment where swearing can be you know a positive a neutral or a negative that can be is different to us within our own.
Linguistic language as a different language and I can be as foreign and we can have that knee-jerk reaction to judge them because they speak differently we wouldn't judge somebody or maybe some of you might but we wouldn't judge somebody for broken English you know coming into America and.
Speaking broken English some of us may we have a collective belief on whether or not that is judgemental.
But the idea is is it is also our choice to see somebody who swears a speaking broken English to somebody who chooses to believe that swearing is bad Michigan put a rift between understanding and entire section of human beings in whether or not swearing is good or bad it's never good isolate an entire group of human beings.
Because the self-control we want for ourselves is telling us that we shouldn't listen to these people and if we don't listen to those people how can we gauge the context.
Of the topics around whatever words they're using that we don't want to use.
To gauge whether or not we misunderstand the message they're trying to bring us listening to others is the only way to truly share ideas that don't divide the world.
It's not to say that you have to start swearing all the time or that you have to completely stop sharing your idea of why swearing is bad to you on the contrary we should actively be able to share why something like swearing as bad to us personally but also completely tolerate other people who haven't made that conscious choice.
And if they're not directing negativity at us.
Just because they're doing something we believe to be negative around us it is our choice to internalize it and take offense.
This is.
I think.
Probably the biggest way we cause Rifts.
Is to say that this thing that some people do is bad because we believe it to be bad the definitions of certain swear words can be very bad but when we bring slang into the mix.
We have words that literally officially mean one thing that a common belief.
Create a secret dictionary dictionary but like a completely separate dictionary definition of this word we see this manifest in digital Space by finding dictionaries and then Urban Dictionary to figure out what some words that mean something in the dictionary might mean something different and day-to-day language.
This is where I started to identify where public belief separates from the definition.
We know something like.
At one point the word gay meant happy and then given time and public consensus the word gay still meant happy but was more publicly believed to mean something else to the point where people actually as a public consensus in general for God.
What do you original definition of it was.
To the point that dictionaries started to add a secondary.
Definition to it.
And then given enough time that secondary definition became the primary definition this is how societies change so if you believe that definitions of words are static.
That is supposedly to like definitions change constantly and even though that word changed its definition completely.
It's going through a change again because the definition of change to went from happy to something that.
Was overly negative and now the definition is changing again to be something neutral or overly positive getting the negativity out of it I think this is an amazing example of human evolution.
As it applies to speech.
So what's more important the definition or our beliefs.
I challenge you to experiment with the idea that your beliefs.
Are way more powerful than the definition of a word.
Meaning that if you choose to believe.
But somebody who is swearing.
Is negative because they are swearing more than you would be willing to accept so you can't listen to everything they're saying.
Your belief makes that so more than their choice swear this is an interesting conundrum because it means that we can have the ability to choose not to take offense to people who swear I think an interesting example of how swearing can be positive is understanding if some people swear primarily because it's culturally acceptable it doesn't mean that they are making the choice to be negative it just means that the way they know how to talk that is acceptable with their peers with their leaders you know their friends is something that some people are conditioned to judge them for because they judge themselves for because on the road to self Mastery self-control is a great way to practice principles.
To get them routine so hopefully we take the risk to internalizing figure out how it applies to our lives specifically and not how a tot generally but specifically to your life that means taking into account your environment your surroundings this means realizing an interconnected world that we are going to run into more people than ever when we used to be isolated by default this means you don't run into people who communicate differently than you occasionally you run into these people every single day now and it digitally collect connected world this means we have to completely change the way that we.
In an analog way challenge our beliefs by one experience at a time because that one experience at a time.
Can happen several times a day now and this can get overwhelming to the point where we subconsciously question.
You know.
How true we think certain things are because we're bombarded by so many people that think differently when it's not to say that we should question our beliefs.
Felicia question the belief of is our belief system the only way people can find happiness because if we can find the people who communicate differently in anyway.
Are looking for the same happiness we are.
And we isolate them because they communicate differently.
When really in the back of their mind if they're like man I don't understand why my life is so negative they were never taught that maybe swearing can create negative energy so they're doing it unconsciously almost there unconsciously creating negative energy.
And they don't even know but if you go up to them and say I don't approve of swearing to them that will probably register as I don't approve of you we don't learn how to separate the behaviors from the human being and see human beings as more than the behavior that we observe them in in the moment that we observe them we take.
A huge risk assuming that we know people buy something like how they look how they communicate what they were educated in.
And we put them in a box that in some part of our mind says they can't improve past this without drastic change.
And yet we forget that drastic change takes time.
And if we don't have the patience to let time play its role in bear with the difficulties between them.
We can share with somebody the idea that you know I don't like swearing.
And we think that's enough they should have the Epiphany to stop swearing that's.
Never the case it wasn't for me I don't know anyone else and it's applicable for and in my Journeys I have found people who have found ways to positively swear in their communities were swearing a socially acceptable.
One of my oldest and closest friends one of the most overtly positive people I know despite life circumstances.
To give him every excuse not to choose positivity he swears in a way that was baffling to me for years because he knows that the communities that he's in swearing is part of the lingo.
So he is very conscious of how he uses it he never uses it to attack people.
But he uses it in common conversation and even to emphasize positive point this was mind-boggling to me and how positivity is being introduced into a community in the language that they are ready to understand this does not mean that everyone needs to start learning how to swear positively this is something that I experimented with it to find that self-evident truth you can as well but you don't have to.
I don't think it's bad to experiment with positivity even if it looks wrong superficially.
This doesn't mean that we have to try everything is wrong just cuz if you experiment just for the sake of experimenting.
Then you're not really looking for the results you're looking for an excuse to be different when really that's a whole nother set of questions so let's get back onto the example of positive swearing in the place it holds in the interconnected Global digital Community we now experience.
Think somebody like Gary vaynerchuk is an amazing example of positive swearing he knows that he's talking specifically to the youths of the world in a lot of young adults.
What are lacking motivation.
Assuring very very positive messages that I struggled for a very long time to find on my own and now I see somebody like Gary V come out of the Woodworks them like where was he when I was 15 16 18 20 21 like starting up my first business is compared with somebody like him to talk to me in the way that I was ready to hear that somebody of.
A level of success that I thought I wanted.
Encouraging me digitally where was somebody like him.
I know know through exploration you know in the 80s you had people like Tony Robbins you still have people like Tony Robbins you still a huge influence on people like Gary Vee these people are in every generation and now we realize in this interconnected generation.
We can experiment with meeting new people new dialects new ways of communicating from a much younger age.
Meaning that swearing something that used to be more of an adult thing to experiment with.
Now happens at a much younger age.
Garyvee understands this is why he's able to communicate with you not just for the swearing he does this in a way where he understands all youth communication Styles and uses them like they do not because he's trying to mimic them we know when people are trying to mimic the way younger people try and talk we've all been in those school class is where they have the educational video where they're trying to talk to the kids about a topic and you're like okay they are obviously prepped on the types of words we use but it does not sound natural because they know the words but if they don't understand the words as the youth use them garyvee is a prime example of having that empathy and understanding and ability to truly listen breaking generational divides.
Listening and being able to think like them and communicate like them I'm sure this leads through and all of his communication now but if you don't believe that he can turn that on and off with a switch you underestimate your own ability.
To master your Communication in your situation in the world.
Because of you think he will speak the way he does on his Snapchat videos and Instagram videos in every single business meeting he goes to.
I wouldn't doubt it at his position now but at one point he probably had to separate it and there's still probably some point some parts of his life where he will turn off some of that vocabulary.
Out of respect for the people he's with.
And this is something that we can do in our efforts to listen to this new Global Community we can turn off the part that we use to improve our ability to self control to get to that point of self Mastery of understanding that we can turn off that judgment Center.
To hear people that we have every choice to be offended by it to the point where it makes us uncomfortable it is our choice to make the way somebody talks make us feel uncomfortable the same way but we can feel uncomfortable by somebody swearing when.
We might judge somebody else for feeling uncomfortable because somebody is speaking Spanish around us are Arabic we see this happen a lot especially first world Nations if people are speaking a language that is attached to some form of judgment that we're conditioned to for good or bad reasons.
We can have the ability to go pass our self-control of ourselves and master our own perception of the world to elpis listen and understand other human being so that we can help them get to a new level.
Bridging the gaps understanding that because somebody thinks differently or speaks differently does not mean that they're bad.
It just means that we are overwhelmed in a way that previous generations have never experienced.
For previous generations could go their whole lives living in communities where you know people don't swear and they think you know intelligent good people don't swear and they might need the occasional people throughout their life living in these communities where their reality is never shattered where is on the flip side.
People who live in communities where the opposite is true.
Can understand that some of those people.
Get out of those communities you know they might be overly negative but they don't see swearing as one of the ingredients but they might be able to see that negativity.
Is the ingredient that keeps people in and positivity is the ingredient that gets people out of their Community I think this is fascinating how we can have a fragile good Society.
A very antifragile rough society that refines people to go beyond the rules and get to the root the principal.
In a way that if we don't respect the dirt different ways to live we might miss the fact that the people who have it harder and have more.
Well we might believe to be rough areas could become refined quicker than we are.
And that is something.
But I think we miss out on more than ever by trying to hold on to what I call analog ways of having communities in the world and now you know.
We have everyone bumping together.
And we have an opportunity to learn and understand and truly listen setting our judgments aside until the other person is done talking.
And then we don't apply those judgments to the person.
We apply them to the things that were said.
We keep in mind.
That the person is different than the ideas in word shared and we also have the compassion and understanding to help them be aware that we are actively separating who they are as a human being from the ideas they shared because we are not our ideas or our beliefs we are an ever-changing human being.
Ben has infinite potential.
And if we remove that judgment from other human beings and apply it to the ideas and help other people understand that we can judge their ideas without judging them.
Man that would be a beautiful world to live in.
And honestly whether or not you're somebody.
Who listens to you know the teachings of positivity the teachings of God the teachings of the law.
What I've learned by separating myself from the equation.
As I understand myself enough to be able to comfortably without any anxiety say that.
Regardless of my personal beliefs I can now understand.
But the idea that the people who love God.
Have about their God is the same idea that the people who love law have about.
Allah.
The people.
Who love positivity have the same idea about positivity.
Is the people who love God and who love a lot.
But getting caught up in these differences.
Terminology.
Even if we think we know the definition if we have a belief.
That is certain word is bad.
That is always going to be more powerful than the definition.
I think that's something we should keep in mind.
Because the only time I ever see beliefs become a bad thing.
Is when beliefs commingle with bias.
That's what broke down in my reality.
In examining my belief snuff.
Externalizing them realizing that I had to remove my beliefs from myself so that I could.
Not feel the direct pain of doing this.
Belief surgery to remove this cancer of bias from my beliefs only then was I able to realize okay this belief is good and sometimes I'd remove the cancer of a of a belief that bias and realize of this belief was 90% bias and fact to the point where the remaining belief makes no sense at all I can get rid of this it's actually destructive to my life.
In what I find is what's left over with other people who have done this.
If they have compassion and understanding.
With people that.
People who are ruled by bias say they shouldn't.
This is just my explanation and my understanding of my own experiences in my journey.
I don't believe.
But these are the right answers for the world.
But these are the right answers for me.
And I'm not actually asking anybody else to do this I'm just sharing what worked for me.
Because even if 1% of this might be what you're looking for.
To improve your idea to improve yourself to move your self-control to the realm of self-mastery.
That's all I can hope for.
I'm not asking anyone to follow me.
I'm just open sourcing my knowledge.
Because even though I know some people will think that this is completely ridiculous.
I'm hoping that there's at least another person out there that can find at least 1% of a good idea in my idea that works for me.
To improve their own situation in life to improve their own environment to improve their own ability to communicate to improve their own ability to love others but more importantly improve their own ability to love themselves.
Because I tried for years.
To figure out how to love others.
But it never clicked.
Until I truly started listening to myself having compassion for myself.
Took the time of that painful process of those two things.
To eventually understand myself.
And then I Unconditionally Love Myself.
And what's funny is.
I realize that.
Because I stopped and asked myself why I had so much love for other people.
Often we don't see.
The fact that we've crossed the finish line.
Until we question.
Why am I still.
Running this race when everyone is cheering what is going on and you see that you've already crossed the finish line.
We can take our eye off the goal.
The counterintuitive result is we often ever believe.
By hyperfocusing on it.
I encourage you to experiment in this new world that we live in.
Trying new ways to be right by improving on what you already want to believe to be true.
Figure out how to let go of your biases.
Like with most of my podcast I try and share the sources of the understanding that I've come to.
I highly suggest any of the works of dr. Daniel Kahneman.
If you don't know who he is looking to Michael Lewis's book The undoing project.
You don't know who Michael Lewis is if you've ever heard of the books are the movies Moneyball The Blind Side.
Big Short.
Young doing project has recently within the past couple years become my favorite book of all time because it introduced me to one of the fathers.
Of this way of thinking.
Doing surgery on my beliefs was.
Learn from how I understood heuristics which we might have heard the word heuristic floating around Daniel Kahneman and Amos tversky the fathers of heuristics not to say they invented them but they discovered them in the world of psychology and I think that is amazing if you go in there and understand that and realize that they're connecting science.
To an area of understanding that has had.
A rough relationship with science and this should not be.
Missed but it has been because it happened well over 60 years ago to look into Daniel comments were a great place to start would be thinking fast and slow a great book you can learn a lot from that one so check out the undoing project thinking fast and slow if you want to learn more about resources and other formats you know you can check out my free course first few sections will go over a lot of things but I'd suggest if you find this topic interesting looking at the positive psychology section and also what is mental and health those two sections I think you find fascinating a few.
Have found this podcast interesting you can find that free course at.
Library of Consciousness. Calm it's a Facebook social learning course so it's completely free you get in with your already existing Facebook account and these are just more of the open-source knowledge resources of the Library of Alexandria project.
Thank you for listening.
Please come back for more.


