https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Skepticism-vs-Doubting-e24tqo



Is it possible to have no beliefs.
Is it a good thing to have no beliefs.
This is not something that is commonly challenged that I have noticed in my experience in life.
What I use to challenge my belief of beliefs.
Was the idea of memorized beliefs.
We know that children are raised to have certain beliefs to protect them from things that could be harmful for them to experience early.
Small child might be able to learn a lesson of a stove being too hot but it might cause more harm than good that could come from the lesson if they touch the stove too young.
Just as we might might teach children.
Not to fornicate.
When in reality we are trying to teach them.
To be careful with the act of procreation.
And not do it before they are ready to Bear the burden of the responsibility of raising another human life form.
These systems of beliefs are very useful for children.
It may become less and less rigid in Principle as children age.
To give them the freedom to learn from their own mistakes to improve on these systems of beliefs.
To become thought leaders themselves especially useful in the role of.
Procreating when they so choose to.
This is something that is self evident in our lives and the lives of other humans.
Yet we seem to have come to a time and Humanity.
Where does more important to memorize beliefs of others or old beliefs in order to be accepted.
Is a human.
Most of the time we see these as differentiated between a good human or a bad human but none the less there is some systems of belief that categorize people who do not believe.
As less than human.
I know going through this journey of practicing my reality without beliefs.
I had to preface it with myself and my partner.
But I was afraid that I might lose my Humanity.
Because I was choosing to challenge.
Both my beliefs and my feelings being useful to my existence and I did not know.
It's through this challenge I would lose my Humanity.
For decades I've been taught that from him direct teaching or indirect example led by others that feelings and beliefs.
Are the core of what makes a human a human.
But when I started to realize that these systems of beliefs.
Would pull me in all sorts of different directions and Lead me places that do not provide me results that they would others I realized my feelings.
We're being manipulated by the beliefs that I was choosing to want to believe in.
It would lead me to.
Either no results in the short-term.
Or very little or insufficient results in the short-term and bad results in a long-term none of these were self-evident in a way that didn't somehow shift the blame onto me.
This was.
Confusing and guilt-ridden at at the very least.
So I decided to risk my Humanity.
At the opportunity of trying something new.
And the results were far from catastrophic they were quite unbelievable.
I started to question all the beliefs I had memorized.
It didn't matter if I thought they were my belief sure they were beliefs taught to me.
If I believe they were a thought or a belief I didn't differentiate I I did not yet know clearly the difference between a thought and a belief in a few as most people get these confused men can often see that women get thoughts and feelings confuse and women can often see that men don't see their feelings as thoughts because even the masculine mind and feminine mind can differentiate so much what qualifies as a thought or a feeling when really there is this confusion that thoughts and feelings are one in the same when they are quite different.
I started to realize more and more into this process of questioning everything of that.
I believed or felt or thought tearing it apart getting to the core data asking why over and over at every thought feeling or belief that I had digging down deep asking why and so many different ways and different phrasings not just simply the word why but figuring out how to ask why Howard question every thought feeling in belief dug deep to the essential data points of the reality of that thought feeling or belief often redefining a belief.
As a feeling or a feeling as a thought or thought is ably for a feeling more often than not.
Using deductive reasoning and logic I eventually got to a personal truth that I realized if shared with others.
Seemed abstract cryptic mysterious.
I talked more in Parables than I.
Ever even noticed this was something I used to try and avoid was.
Parking in analogy and metaphor.
And then I started to.
Do it without even noticing.
I feared I was having a mental breakdown despite the fact that I was getting real results for the things that I wanted that my systems of beliefs.
We're not giving me the results they were promising I realized that the answers I saw it.
We're not sufficient for me.
And provided long-term unrest unhappiness and disappointment.
For others.
But I have long thought were doing things the right way.
And these simple self-evident truth that I was seeking out in my own beliefs thoughts and feelings was the same logic and reason I applied to other areas of my life that were providing results that I realize were.
Put on the same level as people who waited sometimes decades to address things that they believe weren't problems until the unhappiness built up so much that their contracts of marriage or a job or a career or life just started crumbling around them and they had to fix something much further down the line leaves were people I thought had it made for a long time and I was applying these things at much earlier stages.
I started to realize that the more people I share this challenging of my beliefs to with.
I could not find people in my pure age range that related to me.
I talked to a few people that were a few decades older than me and they.
Confirm my fear that.
This is usually something that people go through at a much later stage of life.
Sometimes twice my age is when people start going through it.
I started to realize that.
My beliefs.
Well questioned my feelings well question my thoughts while questioned all had to provide self-evident truth that they would be beneficial to me that they would provide real long-term results and actionable short-term options.
When I went through this with what I thought would take months of trial and error.
Got mostly done in a week.
And in two weeks I was in a completely new state.
I did not lose my Humanity.
I understood who I was.
I understood the beliefs that I chose some of them lasted some of them did not.
But all of them made more sense.
To me personally I understood who I was my connection with my inspiration.
Where that came from.
In a way that.
Didn't mean to be explained and would often cause confusion to others when I explained it unless they need to understood their meaning and their purpose and their own choices.
I no longer needed to feign confidence because I used to believe that certain choices I made would eventually make me confident.
I had a sense of security.
And the idea that I knew nothing.
And that I was no better or no worse than the best or worst person on the earth we are all equal and things started to make sense in Click where I no longer needed to.
Fear people that were worse than me.
If I understood that I was.
But a few choices away from being at the same place as them.
And I started to understand that everyone in the world is only a few choices away.
And maybe a position or two or a power away from being the person they choose to believe is the worst person alive or the worst person to have ever existed.
These systems of belief that.
I was promised would work for me and provide me answers did not.
Most of the long-term results that I sought.
I found that if I went slightly off the beaten path.
I was able to get back on a part of the path further ahead than I've ever tried by staying on the beaten path.
List of not mean I needed to question my ideas of morality so much that I needed to become a rapist or an adulterer or a murderer or even experiment on a relatively close scale to those things.
I merely experimented with.
The way I was attempting to overcome.
Any sort of craving from.
How I looked at food from how I looked at any type of lost whether it be a lost of food a lust of power lust of sex all of these things started to sort themselves out once I have the trust that I needed in myself that my end goal was still the same but I was giving myself permission to go off the beaten path enough to find the route that I needed to take to get back on the path as soon as possible.
Once I understood how to stay on it.
This is a type of forgiveness and compassion I never had with myself.
This is not to say that I do not experience beliefs or feelings but I do not need to internalize them it is always a choice in a level that I thought impossible previously it is not impossible we all have a choice and every thought and every feeling and every belief we have.
For years the only thing that kept me going when I would start to reason out my belief in a god.
Was the simple idea that it was once my choice to not believe in a God and that did not provide my life positive results.
So despite the logical reason I had to explain away God for many years.
The simple self-evident truth was.
It is my choice and it is always my choice to believe in God or not to believe in God.
And well I knew that the choice to not believe in God provided results that I needed to avoid.
The choice to believe in God in the structures of belief surrounding the way that I learned about God.
Or not providing me the results.
But I knew the God that I was.
Choosing to want to believe in.
Would offer to me.
So I challenged not my idea of God but the idea of the structure to bring me to God which brought me closer to what I Define as my God through my genetic fallacy I only know that way to explain my God but I am no different..
Any other who chooses to trust not completely in them self but in something more than them self to inspire them.
To do more to do good whether they label their God as the universe Allah Jehovah.
Buddha.
Positive positivity.
Any sort of collective consciousness of.
Positive Choices.
Can relate to what I'm saying.
Anyone who worships a system of belief.
Whether it be religion politics.
National pride.
A governmental system and economic system.
Company a brand.
If you choose to.
Put a system of belief over your own ability to choose.
In what is right for yourself that may be wrong for others.
Involuntarily give yourself.
The empowerment you need to achieve the things that you need in life.
That is all that.
Challenging your beliefs does.
I still know what my beliefs are but they are not my beliefs in the same way they used to be my beliefs I do not need to try and internalize them and beat myself up when I fail to internalize them I see it now as a blessing in the way that I had to on internal eyes my feelings in order to experience my feelings but not be subject to them.
In one sight completely externalized my feelings just like my beliefs have been naturally external eyes my whole life I found that what was left was not an emotional as pit of despair.
The quite the opposite my core emotions were there I had access to them an old time I became more aware of how to defend them appropriately and I could no longer be manipulated either by my own subconscious or the subconscious of others or the conscious minds of others to have my feelings be manipulated.
And misconstrue beliefs that I knew how to question.
This made me a stronger individual this made me understand my beliefs and made me know some of my beliefs.
And that's why I think that.
Internalized beliefs are weakness.
Any good belief should Thrive when it is challenged.
