https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/New-Hope-The-4-Phases-of-a-DECENTralized-Future-e2hoh8

What does the future of decentralization look like and why have I broken it into four separate phases.
It starts like this.
Just about any Nation you go to in any part of the world you will find people that want a new way of governance for their people.
So human governance is probably the quintessential.
Topic for any shift in power or control any sort of regime that is toppled any sort of Empire that crumbles it all boils down to the Battle of two separate polar opposite ideals.
Those that seek control.
And those who do not.
This is manifested in many ways as many groups and many cultures many political stances Many religious stances and it always boils down to people who find Value in control and people who find no value in control.
This has.
Ben the war of the two ideals since the beginning of History every single War dispute regime changed or Empire falling has always boiled down to those who don't want control go up against those who do want troll.
So how do these four phases breakdown if ultimately everything give it enough time boils down to needing to change government which is why republics are so useful and why democracies are so dangerous so how does this boil. Like how do we start this today instead of email asking ourselves I'll go we just replace government with the centralization today which the world is not ready for that the world needs to.
Figure out what this long-term goal is and work backwards from there.
When I first identified that you know eventually decentralisation would make its way to government and I realize that that's not the place to start I started to work my way backwards and I realized okay what does government report to now of course Banker specifically Central Bankers not the distributive Bankers that most of us are familiar with the news but very Central Bankers how do you define that into something that needs to be changed because that's not where you start that's phase three this is phase three is what I call Centralized Investments we see the rise of crowdsourcing and popularity in this is very decentralized and nature and eventually we will have systems that will replace centralized investment that look a lot like.
Crowdsourcing evolved this will replace everything from central banks to the real estate industry as we know it what Westerner is considered mainstream medicine will be redefined as we know it decentralisation will increase as it always does FX it will make it harder nearly impossible to do things that are unethical that breed cronyism in the private sector today or big government in the public sector today so phase 3 is the centralizing centralized Investments this means redefining everything from Real Estate to medicine to Wall Street.
And then phase two what is phase two what needs to happen before that happens how do the central bank or stay in control of course it's Mass manipulation through you know Bernie family style marketing which he literally wrote the book on propaganda called propaganda before you know he came out with that before the Nazis made propaganda famous for a different reason he started calling it something else so he rebranded it to public relations anyways public relations eventually respond advertising back then pretty much everything under the marketing umbrella until the internet spawned the popularity of growth hacking essentially decentralized marketing ethical marketing is what I call growth hacking so what is phase to phase.
Is 2 is a decentralized information specifically in the forms of anything other than education so entertainment what news has become news used to be education but now news as we know it is first and foremost entertainment Show Entertainment that's means decentralizing Hollywood this means decentralizing news in what does this look like this looks like decentralized journalism this means journalist.
Can report real news.
Outside of a news corporation we no longer would need a centralized structure such as a news company to obtain new information entertainment would no longer need to be centralized so entertainment would no longer rely on advertisements it would no longer rely on the production style that we are used to the top down single or small group of investors to make entertainment happen this also leads more towards crowdsourcing don't think people understand the power of crowdsourcing how nobody thought that it would take off the same way nobody thought that Wikipedia would take off nobody thought that Amazon would take off no one thought the Tesla would take off all of these things follow decentralized structures.
So understanding that phase two is decentralized information and entertainment which right now are married and Inseparable and need to get a divorce we need to divorce entertainment from information.
But what is Phase 1 phase one is education education is the base information that we all use to discern what new information is true or false this is why we have problems with fake News why people need it explained to them what is and isn't fake News why do people throw that word around without actually knowing because they don't know how to know because we were all poorly educated for a reason we memorized a lot we are very good human computers we are very good lawyers we are very good doctors are very good accountants.
Except for when it comes to having new ideas we are Great rule followers that can know a lot but we don't really come up with anything that we've been trained to think more like computers don't want makes people great which is ideas which was what education was supposed to be about people having ideas not being trained to be afraid of being wrong or being afraid of failing or being afraid to ask questions that's the biggest set of society today is people are terrified to ask questions that nobody else is asking that childlike impulse to ask why that got beaten out of us sometime when we were young because somebody in our family are at school or in our neighborhood made fun of us for asking why won't a very very young probably before school age that's why we mock people who sound like a.
Child when they ask why too much why why why why this pure curiosity that leads to new ideas is something that is beaten out of us.
Because the system doesn't want new ideas because if we really stopped and thought about it we'd realized that the systems we live in Phase 1 Phase 2 phase 3 phase for all of these systems the decentralization would nullify and make a more ethical alternative something Way Beyond what Anarchy could have ever come up with something real and practical and ethical solution that is beyond capitalism it is capitalism involved that is beyond socialism and socialism evolved this is probably where things become the most confusing for people who think one is bad or the other one is bad I used to think that way and now I've come to understand.
If we're afraid of new ideas.
And we want the belly wrapping of somebody validating the ideas that we were trained to know.
We're going to be terrified if anybody ever said what if we took the best of Catholicism the innovation in the best of socialism.
The impact the positive impact on other people and we separated them from their archaic ideal forms before we have the tools we have today and we evolved it to something new something that goes beyond profit impact is the mission.
Where Innovation is not sacrifice for impact like it was with socialism where impact is not sacrificed for Innovation like it is with capitalism how do we have both at work side-by-side.
This is where decentralisation thrives this is why Wikipedia Thrive despite all the central thinkers saying that it wouldn't.
This is why Amazon thrived despite all the central thinkers saying it wouldn't.
This is why Elon Musk is a genius.
From marketing the idea.
But he was playing the centralist game and when they found out he wasn't.
People started to realize it was working.
Elon Musk is very very important because Wikipedia and Amazon.
Are one of many proofs The decentralization Works in the digital realm we know it works that's why Silicon Valley is kind of this misunderstood.
Genius child in industry came out of the blue it skyrocketed and then it bottomed out and still skyrocketed again to make the.com bubble very very confusing.
As I can have a crash that should have had a depression but it didn't and Elon Musk is saying we can apply this to areas outside of tech like production in manufacturing.
And this is something decentralist have known for hundreds of years but haven't had the tools to really make it happen until the past 30.
Tesla SpaceX all of these.
Organizations are just the beginning of how we apply.
Decentralized philosophy outside of Technology how do we apply them to things like fossil fuels to make it better to make evil want to do something other than fossil fuels how do we give them a reasonable alternative that complements both the capitalist and socialist this is the amazing principle of decentralised philosophy and it's only a matter of time.
Before it's apply to education before it's applied to journalism before it's applied to Investments.
And inevitably before it's applied to government or we can have constitutions without corruption.
Or we can have investors without corruption.
Or we can have news without corruption or we can have education.
About corruption.
And we do this not by decentralizing it so you know every teacher you know investor or journalist or government official is a computer algorithm that's not the goal it's just to decentralize the middle men.
Because the middlemen is where the corruption happens not a hundred percent of the time for each of the middlemen but 100% of the time the corruption happens in the middle men faces not with each one every time but enough to know that if we could cut out the middleman.
We cut out.
Where the majority of corruption happens this is not a Utopia I do not believe in a Utopia and decentralized do not believe in a Utopia we are realists to the core which is probably what is most confusing for most people how we could have hope in something that has never happened before that has never been able to happen.
Prior to about 10 to 30 years ago depending on what you think was technologically possible.
And now we have something that we have so much fear of what could be why can't we counterbalance it with hope of what could be hope of something different something that hasn't been tried before something new a new way of dealing with economics where we could have all the economic philosophies happened simultaneously in a way that doesn't affect living people that means we don't have the consequences of death that can happen in both you know crony capitalism or crony government.
Please remove that factor.
And we remove that ability to control.
We can remove the ideas from their ideals in ways that has never been possible before.
This is not something that I created this is not something that I invented this is not something that my team invented or created.
We are simply decentralized marketers sharing with the world.
What is possible what is happening.
Because we understand that we can't stop this this is happening it is inevitable.
And we're just trying to recruit other marketers to see that you don't have to sacrifice.
Impact for profit or profit for impact.
And that is a goal of a decentralized future.
Realizing that to make decentralisation succeed we need to move it beyond the application to code.
And we need to apply it to human consciousness.
The Library of Alexandria Foundation the new Library of Alexandria Foundation.
Is applying this to where it is most pivotal.
The information that we use to discern what is real what is true and how to improve our own lives are very education Library of Alexandria project is applying decentralized philosophy to education what we identify as phase one we don't know whether or not we'll be a part of phase to phase through your face for we just now with our core team that education is something we are so passionate about that even though other people are already working on this.
We feel we have to do our part.
By connecting them.
And what we're calling a new internet of Education or we are connecting these decentralised thinkers to empower them to realize that there is something better.
Maybe beyond our own lifetime but we can build better if we take ourselves out of the equation we can build better not just for ourselves and for our family but for the entire big picture where we benefit along with everyone else.
This is so much more than what Karl Marx could come up with with capitalism with sorry with socialism at his time.
It just didn't have the tools to come up with that and he even though I've never believed in socialism I now can understand how it can marry with capitalism which is something I believed in for very long time and being able to set aside.
I desire for profit for impact realizing I never want another person to struggle is much with education despite the fact that I had every privilege and opportunity that is available to most humans.
And yet I still struggled and I can't imagine my children going through that realizing if I'm at the top.
Of the human food chain.
And I still struggled.
Then I can't even comprehend with other people struggle with if they don't have the kind of infrastructure and safety net that I was awarded if I struggle is painfully as I did that I had no reason to drop out.
But my ingredients couldn't add up to not dropping out of high school.
Something is systematically fundamentally wrong with our education not just the systems but the way we even look at what education is and we realize that it's a centralized education idea.
And we are trying to flip the script on that.
Let my future children in their future children and their future children and everyone's future children.
Never have to worry.
About how or where they're going to get that Baseline we call this free education for capitalism because this is spawned from something cabalism never expected would happen with the industrialist hate happened this is Spawn from the decentralized nature of Technology the internet and other types of advanced by products that were a means to an end for industry what is taking capitalism into a different direction Amor advacal Direction a more decentralized Direction.
And with this we see a bright future with lots of hope within our own lifetime possibly before I even start having kids this is something I desperately need for the world and I am pleased to say that when I started I was afraid I was alone and I'm realizing I am far from alone if this is appealing and you don't know how it could be possible that this is crazy talk trust me I've been there but realizing that there are people much smarter much more talented much more well-connected than me working on this and every sector you could imagine.
I feel far from alone connecting the genius is around the globe who are applying a decentralized form of Education in their own neighborhood.
In their own local and their own stomping grounds and I'm just trying to connect them.
In a way that will make them Unstoppable in a way that will make it grow exponentially in a way that will leave no mind.
Untouched from the opportunity of Education.
This is the entire spectrum of human education I'm not talking about just K through 12 were talking about university-level extended education we were talking about continued education we were talking about entrepreneur life we're talking about Freelancers we were talking about homeschooling normal schooling normal we are talking about everything unschooling world's going all of these things are interconnected so that it is never inconvenient.
To get the education you need.
Just because you only have a few in front of you this is something we're doing to benefit the families of the world.
The Library of Alexandria Foundation is never taking a cent of profit it is already self-sustainable in fact the only thing it needs is attention.
That was kind of the most amazing Discovery I made was realizing that all we need to do.
Is to follow the advice of the first Visionary of the digital Revolution and think different.
And instead of selling the idea that thing different revolving it to create the impact.
The. Visionary could never have in his lifetime.
And that is.
Decentralize an open-source education for the benefit of all humans to get them to think different think Beyond fear think Beyond anxiety.
And have hope again.
So the parents can have hope.
So the parents with children that are different can have hope.
Parents of.
Different children whether that means different in the way they look different in the way they talk.
Different in the way they think whether or not it's the color of their skin.
The sex they were born with.
Are the chemistry of their brain.
Parents do not deserve.
Tell fear when it comes to how will my child be educated because that reads from the idea that they have a hard time getting educated even as adults in this is something that needs to change whether or not it's for children adults where you are in the world what side of what border you're on what color your skin is what genitalia you have.
Or whether or not you're mentally ill or HUD tistic it shouldn't ever matter we shouldn't have the question.
Will I be able to be educated.
There are enough of us to figure out how that happens and we're just trying to connect the dots so that question is much easier to answer just like every other question that used to be hard which is only a Google away how do we make it beyond the infrastructure First World countries have how do we go International and maybe one day beyond International to have that Baseline education so that we learn how to ask questions again so that we learn to not be afraid of curiosity so that we don't feel dumb because we want to ask a question we've never heard asked before because that's where genius begins asking the questions we've never heard asked we shouldn't be afraid to ask these world-changing questions.
Please support us in this vision.
Anyway you can we need time we need talent we need attention.
If all you can give as money you can give that to we will make sure it gets to the right places.
I hope the people who haven't figured out a sustainable idea yet but are trying to make the impact in the world these are the bridges were trying to Gap to get education sustainable for the first time in human history.
We can do it.
Most of all this is a marketing effort essentially what we're doing is taking the model of Steve Jobs how he got everyone interested in computers in a day when it was the hobby placing of engineering nerds and he got everyone to not only want a computer but you want a computer in their pocket and we're trying to do the same thing with this decentralised philosophy so we desperately need marketers that want to think different because we are not trying to build a centralized marketing machine like Steve Jobs did we want to create a lot of Steve Jobs we want to make everyone the Steve Jobs of decentralization so that they can create their own piece of the proverbial apple pie.
This is the goal were looking for.
People working together to create impact front load the efforts now so that it is easily accessible for all time.
For the ever going future of human kind.
This is what we're trying to build we desperately need marketers we desperately need Educators we desperately need entrepreneurs we desperately need innovators we desperately need credo's we test really need musicians artist filmmaker storytellers authors any type of artist that exists.
We need you all because you are the storytellers you are the inventors of the ideas of mankind we need you all.
The help lead us into a better future to help understand that we are on the verge of a new way of thinking.
Where are the verge.
The more positive human impact the humanity has ever seen.
We're just trying to rally the troops.
Until.
We don't need us anymore until we think differently at that point.
The Library of Alexandria project will be done.
We're not looking for a long-term Roy in the creation of this endeavor because this is not our project.
This is everyone's project everyone alive now and everyone that will ever live.
Behold no more right to this than anyone else.
I carry a lot of responsibility to be among some of the first but we realize.
We are not alone there are already so many doing this with us please help us connect the dots of these great Visionaries on local levels to create this new internet of human self-education.
