https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Underthrow-vs-Overthrow-e36dgh

I've been wanting to do a podcast on the topic of overthrow for quite a while.
I wanted to do some research on this.
Juxtaposition of.
Overthrow versus underthrow.
And Evan finding it difficult as there is very little left on Google about under throw which.
Was that really frustrating.
I originally researched under throwing several years ago and now even just Googling it.
I don't really get any other results other than and under throwing sports but I guess maybe it just too controversial atop a male mice up Peanuts cartoon one time where he was Linus and Lucy were talking in my I might get the characters wrong I am not super familiar with those Comics I should be opposed to characters and they were saying.
Like it was the nerdy one and one of the girls and is saying like you know they're not going to teach you how to you know get around the rule if they're not going to teach you what you need to know to overthrow the school in school and it's quite interesting because even though I'm badly paraphrasing that in butchering it to hell if you can find that cartoon please share it with me.
Go to my library on Consciousness at www library of Consciousness. Com and post it in my group.
I.
I kind of stumbled upon this about 3 or 4 years ago when I was researching specifically like libertarian and Anarchy ideologies and wanting to explore that more and of course dug into the history of certain terminologies and dug into what an under throw was and was quite fascinated to find out that overthrows are pretty much all were aware of like when we think of how to email.
Tackle tyranny whether it's you know an industrial Titan or a government or you know a radical leader of any kind we think of an overthrow strategy but which quite interesting is you can find in history Ben Franklin especially was very fond of the underthrow strategies and these are kind of like the trump card type strategies I mean that in the classical sense of the term all current events aside and this is like one of those things right under Metro strategy is like you know.
Do you know if you go to a knife fight with a gun you know you're still going to lose the person with a bazooka.
And it's thinking so far outside of the box that you are almost doing something that is impossible and they don't even fight you what's interesting is when I dug into it deeper and started researching under throws more and more in history and I'll try and find some resources to share about this but they're getting scarce so I'm going to start looking for books to get in crate you no new content on this because underthrow strategies obviously they don't apply to just you know under throwing government swear if you Google you know under throwing your pretty much only going to get sports results if you Google underthrow the government you're going to get mostly sports results and like one meme page on Facebook about under throwing the government but.
It's really quite fascinating how sparse the information is on under throwing despite the fact that it plays a vital role in American history most people think that there was an overthrow that happened we overthrow over Through It in America the Wii of Americans over through the British government but that's absurd like completely absurd they were about to come and just wipe us out if it wasn't for Ben Franklin strategy to under throw this effort by going to France most people thought that he defected and became a Frenchman but he just was a chameleon he was one of those people he he was almost like a political shapeshifter and he learn to become French and gain the trust of.
Debutantes until he did The Impossible and created a colonial French treaty agreement and that by default.
Led to America winning the war because we had a we have been recognized internationally and we were allied with France and England and not want to go up against France.
Because at this time you know France was.
You're doing better than England they were doing way better than England they'd had more lucrative colonies and England and taking a huge hit from King Henry with you know the whole debt thing and France collapsed first and then England clamps and by this time France was doing better than them because they were recovering from their collapse that happened before the English is clam juice which is quite fascinating that I didn't know that about history until researching something that you know essentially people who are quite fascinated with conspiracies believe in some pretty interesting theories based on actual events some really sound although you know really really lacking explanation like true Parts in history that they fill in the blanks with beliefs that you know is cool like they might be.
But you know I can't really prove whether or not they're absolutely right or wrong and that's not really the point of my research and just listen to people that most people find uncomfortable in find a middle ground find a way to communicate the uncommunicated bowl find a way to communicate past stigma and that's really interesting how you know.
It's it's all I had to reminds me so much of that Peanuts cartoon where you're not going to be taught the tools to overthrow your system of control and it's becoming more apparent now than ever that and under throw is a great idea for you know I don't know what you want to do but if it's being blocked on Google in ways that it wasn't years ago then you know maybe if you're fighting against industrialism which also let's be clear that's different than capitalism industrialism is the bastardization of capitalism just as much as you know big government is the bastardization of you know a republic through the power of a democracy even Ben Franklin was rightfully terrified of because he listen to Socrates the father of the Republic and who you know ironically got killed for dissenting.
Democracy and these are things that you know I realized me five years ago would have said this is bullshit this is just what you believe Emily you know now I'm like I want to tell people you know research it but it's really crazy at how this information is gone and I know this sounds like more than a belief forever and ever so if you have any resources on under throwing up please reach out to me in my group.
Library of Consciousness. Com.
And you know if you're listening to this in the future please find it at my. Library of Consciousness. Com or look for Jace. Library of Consciousness. Calm and please find me and share with me what resources you have I'm really really interested in exploring this more especially collaborating with other people who are interested in this topic under throwing is real I'm looking for any book references video references cuz it's really hard to find when it's removed from the best index that I have Google +.
That just makes it tough so I'll probably try DuckDuckGo next but we will see it if I find some stuff I'll put something together maybe put it up on Library lbry if you haven't checked out that platform look for our Channel at at Ted Ted and we'll see what we can find thank you for listening to this one this one is kind of different from my other.
Juxtaposition vs. Jackson fication podcast it's quite short because.
There's there's not much to go on right now so I'd love to do a follow-up because you know under throw in overthrow are really really fascinating parts of strategy and if we only know of one we don't know really the Practical value of the other of her completely unaware of it but what's interesting is when we're always in a constant state of struggle with overthrow and we think that you know we have to find somebody powerful enough to overthrow know this is how tyranny transfers control and under throw is actually how you avoid tyrannical shifts of power in control this is really interesting this is why you know the founding fathers of America talked about it so much and I probably going to have to do a deep dive on some of those journals and discourses to put something together.
Do you know if if you want to help me do that please reach out to me you know my podcast on anchor send me a message on there or shoot me a message you know library consciousness.com or post something on the wall there.
And.
Love to put together a research team on this and see what we can find and I can email get a documentary put together on this and put it up on Library so it's uncensor up and see what we can do so this is I guess this podcast is more of a call to action call to action on a topic that is.
I guess rightfully hard to know in a time when we probably needed the most in different parts of the world different sectors of the world you know private public sector a like some yeah please.
Please reach out to me and that be great I'd love to have you on a podcast where we can talk about this may be my casual combo podcast and talk about what you know on this would be really really great all right thank you for listening to this and I'll come back for another.
