https://anchor.fm/selfaware/episodes/Who-is-Phil-Decent-Because-hes-NotWrong-e2rh35



Not too long ago.
I was in the lobby of a hotel that I did not belong in with my class and resources.
I was on.
A birthday Journey that took a detour with a couple of friends that me and my wife are on and.
I overheard a conversation in this Lobby.
Well this person was on the phone.
This conversation was.
Quite mesmerizing to me somebody who.
Studies topics such as mental health mental Wellness philosophy the art of control the art of self-mastery and old topics having to do with what I now know or all attributed to something that is borderline taboo called human consciousness I was first exploring these things for personal betterment and explored more of the philosophy side of things as western-style philosophy of.
How to address the Mind wasn't working for me I started to explore more alternate theories everything ranging from Eastern philosophy to Eastern religions to African philosophy African religions and philosophy ancient religions in myth and led me into the sector of study that always shied away from with the conspiracy style things really anything of that claims to be nonfiction but it's so different than everything I've ever experienced I had to dismiss it take it with a grain of salt because they're very very compelling but I was looking for a framework to have a more positive life less anxiety.
My anxieties were wildly out of control until I started to practice do you know.
Eastern philosophies of self-care and when I started to realize the same way that people would react to this knowledge almost like it was esoteric in nature literally just different than anything they had taken the time to be taught or learned themselves out of personal choice mostly doesn't make it wrong scary cuz it's different and what's interesting is is the longer I listened to ancient conspiracy I started to realize I could see the difference between the belief in the idea of the ideal in the idea and he ideas word.
Pretty apparent either they were an idea that needed to be enforced or an idea that was just so compelling and so intriguing of that in a western Society.
We have a rise of meditation and yoga which is very very.
Counterconditioning countercultural to everything that we will be led to expect in a linear progression why would we revert to something that other cultures have been doing for thousands of years but then I realize that I could tell the difference between a good idea and a bat control for a note these idfc idea needed some sort of control enforcement in the long run it was based heavily on fear tactics and relief and I can fix this for you either like all do the work to fix it this is the same sort of you know stress release tactics that you see MLP being used for sales in Africa land on ethical situations doctors use it to give hope to patients that have.
They can get better wear as you know some doctors will give you all the medication will fix your problems.
And not only does it not fix your problems enough it gives you a new product so it's it's almost an ethical Paradox when it comes to these things and I started to notice these things and everything from religion to philosophy to political affiliations to even sports teams and companies and of course the big Ideas such as economics and governmental systems and spiritual leadership but what I found really interesting is the same principle that help me listen to some topics that had some pretty wild beliefs from when I have experience in what I am able to experience but I had to realize to them.
The beliefs that I had been raised on made them react with the same dismissal of craziness as I did for them and then I only have compassion long enough to listen hear the contacts in realize that they are working on a lot of the same logic and reasoning we are they know different things and then I started choosing to believe in them trying to bridge the gap pretty sound of methods for what they're doing stuff that I can't verify myself maybe a lot of people can't verify themselves the same way people who have hope that their favorite sports team is going to win it this year.
They carry on that hook to the next year if they don't win and other people will call them crazy if that goes on too long but they're seeking for a validation that may never come.
I see every belief system does this whether it's the ideals of capitalism the ideals of socialism the ideals of a religious sect that the ideals of a political movement the ideals of.
What is most right the ideals of what is most wrong the ideals of obviously the paradoxes of Duality and I heard.
On the phone in a Lobby somebody talkin about.
But they can't believe.
The people want to believe.
In Duality or Paradox completely in this truck my cord I have never heard anyone.
Propose this question.
In my mind and it went on to them talking about.
That they had no idea that this is how other people lived.
And I was so confused as a very well-dressed man that on it looks like vacation but it was not the kind of clothes I would vacation in somewhere like almost 1700 style and very modern modernized to be relevant today like you'd see it on a catwalk in Milan but it was.
Somewhere between formal professional and Casual a Man Out of Time needless to say on a just a normal iPhone is what was crazy to me is he was talking as if he knew something.
And was surprised to figure out how the rest of us lived almost like an alien and then.
I had the crazy idea.
I need to talk to him after he gets off the phone.
This.
Was ringing in my head this is where you can't do that that's rude you don't know him you can't ask him questions about his life that's he's not going to want to tell you about his life you don't know him don't do it that's crazy you're going to get in trouble or something.
But.
Once he hung up I went up to this man.
Forgetting to introduce myself.
I asked him about the difference between Paradox and Duality that he was talking about on the phone and I apologize for eavesdropping and I asked how he learned about this.
And he introduced himself.
And for the sake of anonymity as I do not have his permission to share his identity we will call him Phil decent.
And he was telling me that he came from a very very powerful family.
And they were not powerful in the way most people would think that he grew up with all the.
Pomp's and Frills and privileges of wealth but his family had almost nothing to their name.
And his family.
Was not a single named it was.
Not a single bloodline or nationality.
It was an extended family to say the least of people of all different races and religious background nationalities in history's some of them had married into the family some of them or direct but blood lines that went.
Back hundreds of years or even further.
And he said that it is not important who they are.
But the idea is that he came from.
And he says this is relevant to everything he was talking about.
He said that his family.
Had created something a long time ago and it was an idea that they had essentially patented for power and this idea was centralized organization.
And this was very very compelling for me as somebody who had found cryptocurrency understood the buzzword of decentralized also knew the difference between decentralized software and cryptographic algorithms that were using a currency protocol based on decentralized software that has essentially been the heart of the open source technology scenes and maybe before that and he was telling me about his family created the first contract for centralized organization and this was not a contract.
Written on paper or in stone but in the minds of people.
It relied heavily.
On contracts written in stone and on paper and he told me that they actually that was the real invention was the contracts to enforce their contract of mind.
Decentralized thinking.
Can I ask him.
Where he was from and tell me more about his life where it where did he come from and he said that he was born in a country home and.
Grew up moving all over the place his family didn't have anywhere but they had anywhere they wanted to use.
They had networks of assets that they didn't really own but they had power and control over.
That his family.
I was able to deal in currencies.
That gave power to the currencies that we use.
And he lived a complete life of dualism.
Until.
The early 2000s when he was.
And it's early twenties.
And joined a social network.
And he explained to me that his family not unlike other families he's met here were very anti him using social media but they were very anti this the very beginning in the very very beginning.
Almost like they weren't afraid of it but they were ashamed of it they said that it was not for people of their class or culture that it was something that other people used and there were no overt labels applied to these other people just thought they were different than them and he explained to me that he lived in pretty much a bubble until he was done with University.
And his university came to him essentially he.
Would go to any University he needed he had and I only need make a phone call and he could attend any electric course any any study get any Mentor or tutor anywhere he went anywhere he wanted to go and he said that he and his family lived a very very decentralized life they had the continuity granted by access but they were accustomed to but essentially they never lived in the same place for more than a few weeks to a few months he never studied something.
Very long he said that he did not learn things for years at a time he would go right to the top and learn the principle.
And.
Start applying it because he have the safety net to fail.
And that's what his family live by.
And they had.
Networks of influence that didn't rely on.
Reputation of celebrity reputation of money that didn't require exchanging by giving something first.
It was always favors almost almost like he described the.
Explanation of privilege that is very very common in this area now that he is away from home.
But he said that the idea of privilege.
Is void of.
The idea of trust.
That trust branches privileges just as being an honest person being a loving person being a kind person or being a mean person being an angry person being a beautiful person being a ugly person all of these things is our existing on dualistic Plains of privilege and he explained to me that.
He has been trying to bridge the gap for about a year.
And.
He had been exploring the internet as we all do looking for answers outside of his reality.
And he was looking for answers of us he had intense fear of talking to anyone outside of his class he believed that it was inevitably dangerous that's at first they would seem nice but they didn't understand him and he should have void them.
Until he disobeyed his parents and.
Decided to explore the internet.
And I will never forget the same feelings of shock and disbelief and disgust and this is absolutely wrong that he was talking about learning about.
Celebrities in the people that are fans of them in the titans of industry and all of these.
Billions of people living a different life than him talking about things that they called him crazy for communicating about them with.
And he was.
Starting to question his own reality.
Maybe maybe everything he was living with a lie but no he said his family loved him they were just trying to protect him he couldn't believe in anything that could prove them wrong how disrespectful for would that be how.
Rude.
And he was saying the same things I had been but on the other side of the coin.
Any explain to me that his family.
Of many names.
Many marriages many lineages many contracts.
Have been at the helm.
Every new contract every new centralized organization.
From the beginning of time and that they were constantly at war with people.
Who hadn't monopolized.
On centralized control like they did.
And they would monopolize on this by giving people much more than they could ever accomplish.
On their own merits because they had capital.
Because they don't have world domination.
They were always in constant competition.
Since the beginning of time.
But they had their first success and that was enough to entice almost anyone.
Into centralized ideals.
But they continued to live in a decentralized manner.
But their family had enjoyed just like everyone else before them.
After this.
I obviously rejected it with extreme skepticism I thought he was crazy he dressed like no one I knew he.
Talked in a way that was.
Proper that wasn't really proper.
United Kingdom English or proper American English of it is just very can sites very very concise and I knew practicing mental illness that concise language is essentially one of the Pinnacles of stable minded communication.
So this was the only thing I held onto to not dismiss him completely.
Realizing that just because I didn't believe what he was saying doesn't mean that he doesn't know what he's saying so I I asked him to.
Show me more of what he knows that I have a hard time.
Talking about these things in that I have a hard time visualizing me since he said he understood he said that he got over anxiety when he left home and his mind was able to grasp onto ideas much larger than what he had been conditioned to and he hesitant Lee used the word brainwash but because it came from a place of love and security and compassionate.
Even offered to.
Come with me.
And that was very very weird for me but I explore this over this option over with my wife and.
My friends on this trip with me and.
Opened up to them about the truth of what was going on and what who who this person was and shared with them what they proposed and they were more than happy to have them come along it was my birthday the more the merrier if I found somebody else to join and they are one of us a very very surprised and taking a bath and.
Afterwards they went back to this man who is still in the lobby the next morning realizing I didn't have the forethought to plan anything but it's almost like he had plans regardless and he was checking out and caught him right at the end and told him he was more than welcome to come along and.
He came along with us and went on our way to Mexico.
And.
He.
Asked that we didn't get him in any of the photos which.
Was not quite unusual for me and growing up with.
Obesity mostly in my adult life there were many times when I would play the same card so I didn't think twice of it maybe maybe thinking that his is family with.
Not be approving if he knew where he was in Mexico with us so I respected that and the things.
He was able to show us and learn we went on Journeys.
Within that short amount of time.
That we were officially in Mexico but unofficially 1 places that.
We're very unexpected we went.
Places that.
I was constantly asking do we don't have a passport, I don't have a password I just have a passport card I don't think I'm allowed to fly anywhere all of these things it's realizing I was reacting with fear and he was constantly reassuring us and we went.
On Journeys that I don't know how or if they were paid for with people that knew him all along the way and.
Image journey that was hidden at the end of Earth sorry right at the beginning of this Mexico trip.
It was.
Really really interesting because it was all we could talk about through.
The Mexico trip was this wild thing is 24 to 48 hours of.
Journeying too many of which I did not stop long enough to figure out where we went.
And then where.
Places sell foreign to me that I had my.
Eyes open and conversation was in.
Climates and places in intense situations and relaxing situations that it was a roller coaster of distraction and Enlightenment and it was quite fascinating cuz.
It left me knowing about.
Yes ma'am story needs to be told.
Since I don't have direct permission to share his story because of the time I didn't have the forethought.
To ask him permission for this in.
I didn't think to ask if he had any other means of communication then the phone number he gave us.
And that phone number is now gone.
I mean it is not magically disappeared but it is no longer reaches him.
I should have assumed that he was.
Using.
Berner's maybe a nap or something on his phone and it's.
Hey I really wish I had asked for other means of communication his name.
Doesn't exist when I search it.
To the point where it makes me even question if that's his.
Real name.
Which is why.
I label him feel decent the man who taught me decentralised philosophy.
And.
He explained to me that ancient philosophy very very ancient.
Was how Humanity coexist it before centralized organization of humans.
And it was harmonic and nature they understood the balance.
Of Duality and paradox.
And wouldn't let themselves go too far to one side too far to the other Wes you get lost in the pseudo logic and reasoning of one of the other too much Paradox is a bad thing you said just as much too much do reality is a bad thing.
And this was.
Something I never heard before it was I didn't see any source for this but what's interesting is I saw a lot of mentions in the minds of many throughout time talking about this but nobody in such completion as a spill and it was just quite fascinating he explained to me that they had monopolized centralized control as I mentioned previously and they were the main Authority simply because people believed they were the main Authority simply because they were not better than anyone but they survived longer.
Am I at survival.
Essentially became rebranded into success.
And that success.
What is the driving force of any civilization that lasted more than.
A couple of generations he said.
But was also in direct conflict with this.
Ancient decentralize philosophy that didn't agree with their means to.
Industrialize.
And centralized power in the way they did by sitting at the top with control either directly but he said that his family actually preferred indirect control.
They didn't like to deal in the currencies of politics or money or celebrity instead they like to have the influence and the connections and the networks in places unimaginable that.
All of these people have power sought and they dealt specifically in favors not unlike the way children.
Exchange value with favors and Gifts he said that.
Duality minded human will see this is either inherently good or inherently bad.
But the Paradox of good and bad is all it takes is time for the good to become bad in the bad to begun become good he said that his family.
Carried on this truth and stories it was not written in any one place and they carried on the tradition of Storytelling the same way ancient decentralized societies carried on important knowledge so he said that.
First it was the philosophers and then it was the scholars.
And then it was the teachers and mentors and then it was the religious organizations cuz they realize that.
Teachers mentors philosophers those are still too decentralized in nature and they had to figure out a way to keep the teachers from understanding too much and doing what he said Marcus Aurelius didn't just accidentally get into a position of power that had a great ability to undermine a centralized system of control with or without power anymore it's giving knowledge that his family called esoteric.
And that their power came from not having answers if that makes any sense people wonder how centralized organizations work they work because we believe them.
They work because we believe that they're going to work and the only thing that can bring them down is if we stop believing them we think that they have some magic bullet herb magic Wonder secret recipe your secret book somewhere.
In fact that they are trying to keep us from the secret books or the sea, Hans or the you know the taboo texts or ideas that.
Came from.
Trying to find Harmony between intelligence and wisdom and they capitalized on intelligence and demonized wisdom quite literally he said he said that he's heard stories of his family.
Rebranding.
Pretty much everything given enough time.
At one time it was unethical for a teacher to be paid and now it's.
Question of ethics of how much to pay them he talked about these almost lightheartedly like it was hard for him to believe that he was living in a paradoxical reality and without any connection to his family.
Which is interesting because.
He still has their power.
But he is hiding from them.
In a way that is somewhere between.
Criminal and hobo I find the more modern term now is a digital Nomad where they have found a way where it is not necessarily illegal or wrong or criminal but they also have to realize that depending where they are what is tolerable or good in one place could be bad or even illegal or criminal in another so it's navigating.
In a way where it's he he banks on reputation of.
History of survival or success and he knows a certain combination of names to mention or.
Him.
Whether they be people or places or things that just hit a protocol that is in the all of these places that his family likes to stay and he gets to stay there.
Almost secretly but not quite secret it's almost like how I hear some religions talk about sacred it's you can talk about it but people probably aren't going to understand it enough to appreciate it so which is why he would be talking about these things on the phone in the lobby and realizing that he didn't care of anyone thought he was crazy.
When I asked him for more.
He was more than willing to give me more his generosity was astounding.
He had a completely different relationship with.
Things of privilege or money or accents than.
I've ever.
If ever come into before.
It seems like everything I wanted but feared at the other end he had figured out a way to navigate.
And it was something that whether or not.
You're on either side of what we consider success or failure.
We're navigating what he.
Somehow has an ancient secret code that he said is still live by and Native cultures that have not integrated with.
The rest of humanity and that interesting Lee enough the Secrets Don't lion them the secrets lie were feelings.
Are telling us to be too afraid to listen to and this this stood out to me this stood out to me like a.
I just like a shock to the system.
It makes so much sense with my history and marketing I know that.
You know if you want to pull somebody's attention towards something tell them what to look at if you want to guarantee that people will look at something tell them what not to look at if you want people to ignore something.
Pretend like it doesn't exist and when you acknowledge it.
Dismiss dismiss it as ridiculous crazy delusional.
End.
Realizing that everything he was talking about.
Was covering all the new ones is that I was trying to uncover in the mental health Industries in the medical Industries in the marketing Industries and you know government and politicking and Liberty and freedom but this.
Essentially a framework.
Are the difference between good ideas and bad ideas in a way so simple it was terrifying.
Any idea was control.
Always funnels all the way up to his family.
And does not stop.
Money.
R politics or celebrity which he said is the hierarchy of power in this world.
Power from control finds a way to fill up these control Banks of power that give his family the connections that they need by giving people what they want.
Who have been conditioned to not want what they need.
And they're living at the top the same way he said that.
The criminals in the hobos and the crazy people in the homeless live at the bottom.
He said the only way for those people.
That are somewhere in between.
To realize that the people at the very top and the people at the very bottom are living the same way.
Is the Stop Believing.
Let the people at the top have all the answers.
The same way but they don't believe that the people at the bottom have all the answers.
He said that many and his family.
I have tried to undermine this through time very powerful names.
Such as Marcus Aurelius such as many great religious Visionaries.
Many vet.
I'm uncomfortable naming my name's but there have been at least one.
On every continent.
I can be traced to every major.
Religion in the world and that every centralized religion in the world.
Puts between.
In the answers a different terminology to label the answers as bad evil criminal illegal sketchy.
Taboo.
Dark.
It's brilliant brand marketing that.
Is Chateau Sheree Circle in nature that you almost think of that.
Harem.
Daniel Kahneman and Amos tversky discovered with charistics.
Wasn't that big of a discovery hearing how his family has lived for thousands of years and that they never cared about who was in power who was the king who was the president who is the president of a public organization who was the president of a private organization.
But they were all playing at a different level.
If they had found a way to Bank in currency.
Celebrity.
Our belief.
And this was.
This was one that really poked holes.
To the point where.
These were no longer fingerholds leaves were enormous Boulder holes it felt like I have been trying to peer through a keyhole my entire life.
Paris and the door open smacked me in the head.
And I had a choice to either complain about the pain.
I realize that now I could see through the doorway and if I choose to walk through it.
Explain to me the very few people.
Are shared enough information to understand the gravity of what they are being offered which is why he doesn't ask for anything.
To get more knowledge he is fed up with this pseudo ethics that his family uses to live differently than everyone else other than who they have demonized in our minds.
In the constant conflict between how we live and how the people who we label as below us live keeps us from seeing that.
Inherent truth of what the people at the bottom or doing works better than what we're told is more right and this conflicts with every duelist ideal that there is good and bad when he said that it is not about good or bad it's realizing the relationship between good bad and time realizing the relationship between righteous evil and time realizing the relationship.
Between.
Capitalism.
Communal living in time.
Realizing the relationship between slavery.
Prisoners with jobs in time.
Realizing the difference between in the relationship of.
Because there is no difference between any of these things other than time.
The differences between indentured servitude or indentured slavery.
In a lifestyle.
The front loads on debt to have privileges upfront.
Only our parent if you understand the context of time this was mind-blowing to me I really mind-blowing it it made me realize that we are we're almost all like children but not not late.
Children that can't help out with every it's almost like we're in an extended state of adolescence I think I've heard that term before an extended state of adolescence we have childlike beliefs that make us bicker and argue like children arguing about you know whether or not it's it's more right to have ice cream or cookies for dinner every night the ridiculous of it all is.
We're desperately trying to find the person that tells us that it's okay to have cookies for dinner every night other person who says it's okay to have ice cream for dinner every night and realize I were drawn.
2 people who give us what we want but is the opposite of what we need because our wants and needs aren't harmonized.
And the craziest part of this conversation was.
He said that you have to let go of all of your wants in order to realign them with your needs.
Am I first response was he can't live a life without one's what will you do without you know if you don't have one's how can you ever set goals and he's like you're looking at this.
Without enough context.
And this was when I started to understand the import of Parables and he was explaining to me that if you have a child that is told not to touch the stove because it is hot.
Is that belief is left.
Uneducated that child to grow up to say.
I will never touch a stove because it's hot and they will ridicule other people for the dangerous lifestyle of touching stoves of putting their food on a stove or in a stove and in the oven you do not touch these things they are hot they are taboo there bad they are evil.
And then they will argue with somebody who says no no all hot is Elite is evil is illegal is wrong is unethical you're such a hypocrite for using fire or Central Heating in your home how dare you.
Adolescent state of mind on the other side as other side is like your crazy.
If your moral relativism is so delusional is so crazy as a you need to get back into reality.
But realizing that we don't do this for stoves.
Because eventually.
We either learn the hard way by touching the stove and learning that it is hot to the touch and it is no longer a belief.
And that creates a knowledge that it is hot or we believe that the stove is hot until we learn to cook and we see.
Do you know food fall off the pan and burn up in the flame.
And we understand that that is.
Made up of the same carbon that we are made up of.
And we then understand the lesson even without direct experience but indirect experience learning at second hand in a way that we could not process completely third-hand explanation of a story of a belief.
And.
At this point they have learned the same lesson.
Is the child who.
Touch the stove and realize that it's it's hot and it can hurt them and that's why they don't touch it because it could hurt them but realizing that lesson isn't enough.
Until we ask why.
And the one that understand the positive value of the stove will not jump to the same conclusion as the child who just believe that it's hot and it could hurt them and that pushes them down the path of you know I don't ever go near the stove because they never had anyone guide them through the process to learn that it has any good attributes and even when it is explained to them they're not going to believe somebody who is crazy enough to do something as dangerous as a stove ridiculous the sphere.
It's what keeps these two children.
Paralyzed and enslaved in their mind until they have more and more knowledge.
It's realizing that Plato's allegory of the cave in The Matrix are the same story just different mediums one is a traditional Fable type store in with ingredients available at that time.
In The Matrix is the same way.
And saying that you know we're all in a simulation because of Plato's allegory of the cave at that time people with sepia but we're not all in a cave like this is not a cave you can tell this is not a cave you're an idiot Play-Doh just as people would say about the Matrix really thing we're all in a simulation on a computer that you think somebody could program this you're an idiot.
It's the same excuse of dismissal.
Ridiculous dismissal.
Realizing that the difference between history and myth.
Is whether or not we choose to believe it.
Probably the part that I have the hardest time believing but realizing that belief is not necessary to.
Knowing these things and that.
The difference between knowing and believing for me used to be absolute.
But now that I understand that.
Reason.
Is.
Paradoxical nature in logic is just.
The construct.
Of Reason in a dualistic society that there are.
Logical fallacies in paradoxical reality as much as there are.
Logical fallacies in dualistic reality.
But in a dualistic reality we still see the value of things such as Love and Hope and empathy.
And the dualistic counterparts of those things that just says.
Last.
And sympathy.
Are like cheap knockoffs of.
The true paradoxical.
Versions.
At.
Make themselves apparently true.
Not through knowing but through experience and then experience isn't always the same thing as knowing absolutely and that belief in itself is paradoxical.
Just as a scientist will believe in a theory until evident otherwise but delusion is believing in a theory despite evidence otherwise.
And even delusion.
Is paradoxical in nature realizing that.
The difference between delusion and vision.
Is whether or not it can come to pass and a time frame that we can appreciate.
And this is this is quite interesting this is why certain people through time who have promoted decentralized ideas.
Have.
Almost always.
Died as a martyr Marcus Aurelius Jesus Christ.
Martin Luther King jr..
Who was really really interesting to me.
Is that when you try and force anyting.
It ends up breaking you.
And oftentimes what happens is being the first the Trailblazer.
Has the same effect as trying to force something when it itself is not forcing anything that isn't just inherently true and they are not enforcing would they believe they're presenting something that is a shock to the system for centralized control in the force that breaks them comes from a centralized control side this is why the centralized spiritual control that played right into the centralized.
Political control of.
And the political and governmental and Military control of Jesus Christ time both of them were threatened by this decentralized philosophy it was known as different names at that time.
And in fact the names that was known at at that time.
Are different from the names we use now.
And going back through history made me realize that.
The names that we use now we're picked after.
The teachings of Jesus Christ were centralized by the state that had lost.
A control structure.
That was being under throw.
I'm behind this movement of people looking.
To have personal spiritual knowledge of their personal truth and many many of the people that were needed to organize organize a spiritual Beacon for those looking for Spiritual truth or being drawn to this decentralized organization of hope and love and knowledge to know oneself and then after it was centralized we had you know canonical definitions of Jesus Christ and his teachings which was very very interesting because the truth survived through that.
But understanding the import of narrative or Story 2.
Centralized control that was being torn asunder at that time he told me that these.
States people needed a religious centralized control to report to them in order to keep people obedient when they would have an existential crisis of State.
They called it the state of mind.
The mind-state the mind at one with the state when they were having this existential crisis they wanted to exit the state.
For the sake of their Spirit to bring meaning into their life they would be drawn to the spiritual.
Centralized organization of that time to that worked very very closely with the stay there they claimed it as self-preservation which is true it is it was self-preservation realizing that anyone is going to submit to control when might makes right.
So what's interesting is this is the same.
Problem that Marcus Aurelius ran into introducing stoicism into the world.
But the difference between then and Jesus Christ is they didn't have a centralized Organization for stoicism but this is the same philosophy that Marcus Aurelius didn't invent I was told that this goes back way back to tribal living.
And Jesus Christ started in.
And they centralized and they created the same call to action to get people to do things a little bit easier than being nomadic and looking for answers and anyone who can tell a story of Jesus Christ her finding text that were left over of other people who knew him all around the world.
I found a way to centralize it make it really easy and offer to you no free bread and wine to anyone who came to listen which wasn't you know the way that other people were talking about doing it but it was the new new thing and that was quite amazing when he explained to me that his family was very responsible for rebranding the teachings of Jesus Christ collecting the teachings canonizing them and centralizing them to make them very very easy to read but hard to understand they were.
Contradictory and nature they were mean I still had to seek out a middleman for answers it was confusing to say the least it did not point you inward if you read that and thought that these were.
The same exact answers that Jesus Christ tie.
You start to think that all he was way more mystical then.
I believed and it was very very easy for them to create a middleman structure between you and your salvation.
What's interesting is is at that point it was.
You know one man who was the representative of Christ on this Earth it was the pope but that became unpopular overtime.
And somebody else to scented.
And this man was.
Martin Luther and he starts an idea that got him killed.
And it got to the point where.
He was even saying do not form a church around me which is.
Interesting cuz either you have hats.
Very.
Very.
Representative of what Jesus Christ wants were it's not and every single.
Christian Revolution ever since.
Martin Luther.
Has not said that about starting a church around these.
Seeking of personal spiritual truth is he he suggested less centralized control and then after he died.
Lutheranism was centralized for anyone who is interested in.
Decentralized.
Just send against Catholicism and the same way that competing governments and Military Powers were easier to manage than a single giant one that conquers everything they realize the value of distribution.
They could do less.
For more this is the same thing that.
John D Rockefeller ran into he did not want to give up control of Standard Oil and when he was forced to in the name of good.
Standard Oil was broken up into over 30 different companies.
But he and his Innovative mine needless to say Innovative if not corrupted by this.
Lust for control that comes from thinking that control can be a good thing I learned.
Eventually led him to innovate and turn a bad situation into a good one and he had.
Ownership rights in the all of the new companies as he was instructed to help set them up and he made more money not in control.
When he ever did in control of the overt oil Monopoly but this covert oil Monopoly where.
Pretty much of the biggest voices in all of them at that time were the Rockefellers or their representatives made him more money retired of any ever did working as in.
An industrial Titan.
And he said that this.
This discovery is what brought.
You know.
Brought many people throughout time into the fold of his family.
And without.
Elaborating on whether or not the Rockefellers are a part of this family I will just say that the temptation.
The benefits of control even partial control even a percentage of control.
Lead to the acceptance that this idea that centralized control is a good thing it leads it to be almost cult-like in nature where there is a.
Default reaction that anything other than centralized control is anarchy one Anarchy is literally what tribes lived.
Before centralized civilization its.
What we turn to every single time a tyrant gets.
Too high on control.
Anarchy is something we use as a fix because there has been no infrastructure to turn it into a long-term solution but Anarchy has gone through many names I mean Anarchy was tribal living and then Anarchy was no.
Nomadic judaic culture and then it was nomadic Christian culture it was know now what digital Nomads do is use literally.
Advanced Anarchy there there is organization there is Operation there is.
Capitalization there is socialization is realizing that they just don't choose one ideal.
They benefit from both the social contract and the capitalistic concert that they do not fall victim to the absolutism tolerating.
Mass control whether that math control is a very very powerful political leader or a very very powerful industrial Titan.
And this was fascinating to me because I learned that both of these.
Are Pawns.
The richest of the rich the most famous of the famous.
The most powerful of the political they're all pawns but not like we think.
Even even people that have been mislabeled as Illuminati or.
Globalist.
Fart are doing the exact opposite of what I learned many people believe that they're doing it is not some sort of divinely orchestrated system of evil control.
Order through chaos it's it's literal Anarchy at the top realizing that they competed against each other all the time the same way this man that I met.
Is competing with his family and the same way our families in a fight.
And it was whose World shattering for me cuz I realize that.
There's this delusion of order at the top.
Which makes us believe that even people at the top are going to have some sort of.
Engineered system of absolute success one is actually quite the contrary they just don't get bogged down by failure enough to believe that they're a failure they don't get bogged down by being wrong enough to feel bad about it.
Enough to hesitate to learn how to be right from the lesson in being wrong.
And this is instinctual and they have a completely different relationship with feelings and beliefs where they don't believe in anything just on word or testimony alone it needs to present self-evident truths and they are not afraid of.
Questioning those but they still fall to the same.
Help human dilemmas of Duality and Paradox I realize that this man has a community even at his level.
And they are.
Almost the same size as the community that says subscribe to control.
What they're living in.
The same sort of chaos and Anarchy as the ones guiding the control systems and they are constantly undermining it and under throwing it peacefully.
It was a nature he was talking to somebody on the phone would been through what he went through.
The beginning of the third industrial revolution of the the digital age in the eighties and this was somebody who is not necessarily mentoring him but guiding him letting him know that he wasn't crazy and it was mentoring him in a way where it was less about control and return on investment and compassion and understanding and lifting up it was.
Very very interesting.
To realize that there's a whole side to humanity that.
Seems a lot more human and a lot less scary than anything else I've ever learned.
And what's interesting as is.
It's not absolutely true realizing I'm not from this reality so it's I can't.
I can't describe any more than what I've Been Told.
And it's not limited to the idea that this is it like this discredits every other theory of woods Beyond this top-level of human control that's a that's a that's a misnomer of of new ideas is this this is just an idea it's not an ideal it is not absolute that there are there other options Beyond this.
But this just goes up to the top of human control I'm not talking about gods or aliens or any of those things like that would be at a different level of control and I'm not even going to suggest that you know of the people who believe in those things that there might not be gods or aliens or angels.
In this mix of people that I just don't know I just don't know I only know what I know and.
I can't help what I don't know.
But he know that these principles are self-evident in.
Every single way that ethics has been evolving.
Since the third Industrial Revolution.
Most people think that ethics are absolutely this is a this is a misnomer as well that this is completely misguided realizing that the argument that we had at the fall of slavery in America or no we can't give up this control they won't be able to take care of themselves or their helpless they can't I can't live a life like I guess I can't live among us there and in that belief was being questioned but not so much that when they were eventually released most people that were even for the release cuz I saw the ethical dilemma of slavery but they weren't ready to believe that they were equal.
I believe that they didn't deserve to be enslaved.
The same way you know at one point in time we trained dogs to fight.
The prey we were hunting.
And now that we don't need to hunt.
People have trained.
Dogs to fight each other.
And begs the question.
Is it.
Unethical for a dog to fight or is it about context.
And what's interesting is begging the question is a logical fallacy in dualistic reality but I'm paradoxical reality once you introduce time and context into the equation.
It's a whole different story it's realizing it's only a series of stories.
To represent the ethics of the age.
Any effects of the ages of even just the United States of America.
United States of America with a lowercase Q.
This is very important so the United States of America.
Was.
An idea for an experiment.
It had been Advanced upon that I had one time failed so horribly the people went back to Marquis.
But they decided to advance upon it imagine how difficult it would be to say we can try again and we can do better.
If.
It wasn't the British Empire that was still in power of difficult it would it be if it was so the Roman Empire that was in power.
And.
I start to realize that.
It was an idea an experiment and I never expected it to be perfect or absolute but they also never expected to have an o.
The Industrial Revolution that happened in America.
Mass production of goods and products.
So much different than the Industrial Revolution that happened that gave us the printing press and sparked the idea of what if we have more machines as tools.
Do the work of many people without complaining without now paying them any more than The Upfront investment to have the machine this is very very interesting because this was the idea that spread in the industrial revolution of America the first Industrial Revolution led to the printing press which led to the American idea of the Second Industrial Revolution.
Led to the mass production machine race and also led to.
The mass production of mass producing machines known as.
Digital machines digital computers.
So it's it's interesting how every industrial revolution has created a problem.
And the solution.
But the solution comes at the height of the problem.
At the height of the American Industrial Revolution popped out computers which.
Almost started to tear apart the infrastructure of the first American Industrial Revolution.
And they stabilized it with machines a centralized the reduction of the machines and got enough people to know how to use these machines to the point where they created.
Pretty much pseudo.
Industrial Revolution extension for America where the first Industrial Revolution American Industrial Revolution Titans raible to carry on Power by using these computers to.
Offset the cost of things.
Such as careers and accountants in.
Make it a more powerful and less expensive to them in that that was very very interesting and then this created problems all in itself but also created by products such as mass communication.
Really really convenient transportation.
And the internet.
Well the first internet.
Let me know we we know we have several internet's I mean every social network is an internet every messaging app is an internet every forum is an internet we have internet's layered inside of internet's layered inside of the internet's and we even have several protocols for internet's right now such as.
The HDPE backbone tour i2p and new budding ones in the realm of decentralization such as.
Gun gun is an interesting name for a protocol but considering that it is the most powerful.
Invention for.
Digital self defense.
It's a very suiting name because it's a it's a weapon for the wise it's an elegant weapon.
To bring us back to a more civilized time.
And this is probably one of the most fascinating things that.
Spell decent didn't tell me about the things I know.
He just gave me a framework to see more.
In the knowledge that I heard he knew he helped me is Morpheus as from The Matrix to quote that movie he said he helped me open my mind.
And there were things that.
I could not be explained.
And I had to see.
I understand and that took a step of Faith a real step of faith.
Because I had no way of knowing whether or not.
I was bringing along you know a delusional crazy person that was going to kill us all in Mexico.
Then I realize you know you can't judge a book by its cover but it is society.
We're not only do we not judge a book by its cover we don't even care about the cover like the cover is so worthless to us.
That we need to have a testimonial to motivate us to even consider the title on the cover.
To start reading that's the world we live in now it's no longer don't judge a book by it's cover it's a district Lee want you to read a book.
And since you don't read I have to compel you more than your disinterest in consuming long-form thought which was me up until a couple of years ago I guarantee you that for most of my adult life.
I told people I did not like reading.
It sounds so ridiculous to me now but I realize I was not alone in this and that you know reading became really really popular after the printing press so writing anybody who could read a right was an authority now.
I mean with the rise of the digital printing press with the internet.
Analog reading and writing is just.
Boring and anyone can do it to a point where it doesn't really bowed any Authority.
Realizing that you know a condom is used many different currencies and when it comes to the economy of information and knowledge.
Currency is a tension.
Give me a thority that used to one speed in the medium.
Such as the pages or the books and Publications is now.
A new type of authority known as celebrity which we have a really.
Pretty much the same sort of relationship of that people had with people who could read and write the beginning of the printing press if he came home very very powerful to know how to deal in this currency of knowing how to read a ride just as people who know how to get celebrity are these new authorities and that's why there seems to be a person of celebrity.
At the head of every major power structure.
And it seems to be a war between old celebrities and new celebrities.
You have Engineers trying to become celebrities when traditionally creatives make the best celebrities so you need more and more Engineers with imagination to become better and better self marketers which is what celebrities are.
And the people who have been you know.
To quote a way to quote Gary Vee in a way that makes me mildly uncomfortable to say it is old celebrities really know how to crush it.
But the people who are crushing it.
Are the engineers who aren't accepting that they're just engineer's their learning.
How to be imaginative outside of engineering are learning how to be imaginative in communication where you have four runners like Jeff Bezos who isn't is a labret.
And.
Fun to listen to as you know someone like.
Elon Musk Elon Musk is the creative nerd.
It's probably why he leaves a lot more on the table then Jeff Bezos which is not to be dismissed as you're responsible.
Gary Vee has built an Empire out of leaving.
Things on the table.
Just as much as Jeff Bezos has made an Empire of giving people tools.
To start taking what's on the table.
Menhirs open-source access to publishing he's open-source access to retailing he's open sores access to merchandising I mean that's.
It's not to be scoffed at for its own humanitarian rights it's it's like Venture philanthropy what each of them are doing but everyone seems to be understanding more and more the value of celebrity this is why Elon Musk is trading more in that currency than Jeff Bezos that's why there's a celebrity in the white house there is a celebrity at the head of almost every media organization there's a celebrity there's a celebrity in the crown now.
And yet we still look at celebrity as this.
Weird anomaly That Is Random.
It's not random.
It's realizing the people who Master celebrity.
Understand the value of engineering and creativity they set up a funnel and do whatever they can.
To drum up creative attention and that funnel make sure to.
Monetize that attention which is not always about currency monetization sometimes it just taking that attention and figuring out how to reinvest in the more attention you can either invest it into.
Currency like money or you can invest it into getting more attention people who understand these infrastructures have a Harmony between being an engineer and being a creative.
And that's not to say that this is an inherent.
That Engineers are creators Chuck bizos is an amazing creator.
Who knows how to identify.
People who are innovating and how to plug that into the bigger picture.
This is way more open source then went Steve Jobs it but essentially the same principle.
Harmony between engineering and creativity.
Harmony Harmony between open source and centralization.
Where profit and impact are in harmony as well there is a big reason.
Why even Jeff Bezos gets labeled a retail Monopoly when he is the biggest player in destroying the retail conglomerate. He is not a retail Monopoly really look into the Amazon FBA program look into it and ask yourself is this somebody who wanted a monopoly or is this somebody who wanted to create.
A systematic tool for anyone to take.
Most of the risk all of the wrist that has to do with debt out of becoming a retailer that's it he's fighting the debt economy.
He's fighting consumerism just as Elon Musk is fighting the oil industry.
And he's helping the planet in a way that's really cool that we desperately want.
This is a great Harmony of creativity.
And engineering.
From what they're building.
When it comes to celebrity I have to admit with the amount of respect I have for Jeff Bezos Elon Musk is crushing it he is crushing it when it comes to understanding how to engineer celebrity oh man that's it he gets it but then again people like Prince EA and many many other.
Influenster celebrities understand how to engineer the celebrity funnels.
The idea here is that anyone who knows how to engineer a celebrity funnel.
Join me an open sourcing this recipe.
Open source the idea.
The being a celebrity is not wrong help others.
But Gary V to show them that being a celebrity is not wrong and it's not as hard as most people want to believe it is because if we're all able to manufacture our own celebrity that's going to bring Harmony between the immense control and responsibility that comes from celebrity and a digital age where everyone has more axes than ever to 15 seconds of Fame and all it takes is about a thousand fans to live a lifestyle that is several times better than most people believe they have to settle for because that's their place in the world lettuce open source.
Celebrity.
To bring Harmony to this world.
Bring power to the powerless.
And to equalize.
The power of the powerful celebrities.
This is for the People by the people.
The decentralized future and has a harmonious relationship.
Centralized organization.
Spring balance.
